A Drishyakala museum has also been built in this Kranti Mandir.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for entering into an Agreement between Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on Mutual Cooperation.
It is also necessary to have a framework of co-operation for expeditious action in cases involving consumers from other countries.
We have set a target of ensuring capacity addition of 175 GW of renewable energy by 2022.
Today, Mudra Yojana, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiatives are giving birth to our young innovators, young entrepreneurs.
I congratulate the Ecological Protection Organization and their entire team and the citizens of Chandrapur.
Security and defence cooperation have given an emerging new dimension to our relations.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are driven by a broad understanding of issues of mutual interest.
We understand the need to take urgent measures to prevent the spread of terrorism, extremism and violent extremism.
Shriman Gurbachan Singh Ji's family has given us one such example.
There is no dearth of talent in the country.
Our partnership in the energy sector is an important bridge in our engagement.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with a signed bat, a ball and a team jersey bearing the name of the Prime Minister.
Life goes on that you have got a sense of mission and that is your sense of ambition, is there any synergy happening between your mission and ambition?
The Prime Minister will release the Innovation and Startup Policy for the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the awardees narrated inspiring stories of transforming their schools into centres of learning and excellence.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
In our economies, industry and business can forge attractive partnerships through flagship programmes launched by my government.
We are proud of the decisions we have taken that have further strengthened women's empowerment.
He described tourism as an ancient concept and a spiritual tradition in India.
During this period, the expedition team will stop at Bijnor, Narora, Farrukhabad, Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi and Buxar.
Your contribution is widely valued throughout Sri Lanka and beyond.
You may recall that India's performance at the Asian Games this time was also excellent.
Gurus are highly respected in our society.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering for celebrating Dhanwantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Day.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Ghazipur.
Many congratulations to our country's Finance Minister Arun Jaitley ji for giving a good budget.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremism in 2016-17.
Reviewing the progress of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister spoke of the Union Government's commitment towards providing housing for all by 2022.
The Prime Minister told the board members of USISPF that India and the US have benefited greatly from economic cooperation.
The situation is being closely monitored.
I heartily welcome the growing relations between our parliamentarians, our states, and the provinces of Japan.
The beautiful landscape of Cyprus and the wide horizon of 'Incredible India' can be a source of tourism promotion between the two countries.
At the same time, India is a large milk-producing country.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to the Make in India event.
In 2016, the Akshaya Patra Foundation served the 2 billionth meal plate in the presence of the then President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
These hospitals will provide affordable cancer treatment to patients from neighbouring countries like Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand and Nepal.
What tortures the freedom fighters must have suffered.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, about 55,000 people performed yoga together, setting a new world record.
Abdullah expressed appreciation for India's continued support to Afghanistan in its infrastructure development and capacity building.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkar ji.
The Prime Minister also said that these facilities will also attract tourists.
With these measures, our economy is now on a fast track to growth.
As a result, more than 32,000 cases were confirmed and started treatment.
And what was a focal point of all these great men?
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to improve the system from time to time.
A 182-metre-tall statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary at Kevadiya in Narmada district of Gujarat.
This has been possible due to the close cooperation between the central government and the state governments as well as all the political parties.
The gallery is 153 metres high and can be visited by 200 visitors at a time.
Your generation has also faced constant hardships.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world regarding Yoga Day.
It is the first event of its kind in South Asia.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without any collateral or guarantee.
Soon, we will also be able to get a new joy, a new satisfaction in carrying forward the journey that Atal ji had started.
He said that during the current financial year, states are receiving more than Rs 11 lakh crore from the Centre, which represents an increase of about Rs 6 lakh crore over the last year of the previous government.
All these great men toured India extensively.
Make your strength a part of India's strength.
Under this, we offer about 700 scholarships annually for studies in Sri Lanka and India.
For the first time, the tricolour was hoisted on the 75th anniversary of the Azad Hind Government from the Badalal-Qila of independence.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed his best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
India exports fish and fish products to about 95 countries.
Sister Nivedita also cooperated with the great scientist Jagadish Chandra Basu.
Obviously, it will take a lot of effort to make it popular.
I especially thank you for your phone call.
A memorandum was sent on behalf of the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not attend the meeting in person.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on Durga Ashtami.
Our discussions covered all aspects of the bilateral relationship.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
The Prime Minister said steps such as the Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan and Mission Indradhanush have played an important role in reducing mortality.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has prayed for the safety of all those affected by the inclement weather due to Cyclone Wardha.
But if we do not have faith in our strength, in our ability, then no one will accept.
The Prime Minister stressed that action is important once laws and acts are made.
Mahatma Gandhi's thought has inspired the whole world.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister what teachers should say to parents who are stressed out about their children's exams and have unreasonable expectations.
During the interaction today, the Prime Minister elaborated on India's policies in the area of climate change and environmental sustainability.
I have always found meeting you very useful.
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance and said that India and France are working together in this direction.
Package of twelve services for free universal screening for common NCDs.
He said that despite being knocked down by modern technologies, the trust in the postman still remains.
In his message, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has said; "Greetings on World Environment Day.
It has the power to change the weather of the entire country.
Now that the Kisan Credit Card will be converted into a RUPAY card, the farmer will be able to buy and sell from his card anywhere.
Noted nationalist and Tamil poet Subramania Bharati has been noted for his revolutionary poem Pudumai Penn, New Women and Women's Empowerment.
Now the effort is to get the banks back to normal as soon as possible in the new year.
Since its inception, more than 7 lakh poor patients have been benefitted in just 100 days.
They will provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He asked the officials to prepare an action plan during the Revenue Gyan Sangam to reduce the delay in these cases.
From Itanagar, the Prime Minister will return to Guwahati.
"Warm greetings to all soldiers, veterans and their families on Army Day.
He said that construction of toilets is becoming a medium of social and economic and women empowerment while eliminating social imbalances.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close mutual cooperation in areas such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
I commend the Election Commission for its continued efforts to strengthen our democracy.
He has succeeded in his very first attempt in the MBBS examination of AIIMS Jodhpur.
"The benefits of India's success are also available to our partners!
His unwavering courage and patriotism have secured our country.
• Insurance companies have been advised to settle claims of Ockhi cyclone victims expeditiously.
Most of the complaints are related to poor service quality, connectivity, and service interruption of landline connections.
Space technology will connect with the lives of our people in this region.
His game has made us all proud.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia's unconditional assistance to India on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
She is also doing a skill development course along with it.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory regime to ensure the protection of their investments.
An unexpected number of countries from all over the world joined us.
The funds will be used for repair, maintenance and strengthening of roads, highways, bridges and other infrastructure.
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is starting now and they should not lose sight of the goal of the Olympic Games.
"Saddened by the tragic incident in Etah district of Uttar Pradesh.
This, he said, would eliminate middlemen and save the government.
Japan's role in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridors, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and High Speed Rail underlines scale and speed.
The Prime Minister will address a public meeting at Dharamshala in Kangra district.
In terms of scale of operations and high value addition, an investor is also attracted by the huge domestic market, availability of skilled workers, and better physical infrastructure.
He said that the cooperative movement can play an important role in achieving these objectives.
Be it relief and rescue work or disaster management, our Air Warriors are grateful to the Air Force for their commendable work.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and its people would emerge stronger and successful from the challenge posed by the floods.
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
The court's refusal to enforce the ruling can only be made in accordance with international practices.
The two leaders will attend a public ceremony on 14 September to mark the start of construction in India of India's high-speed rail project running between Ahmedabad and Mumbai.
New systems are born.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar will give impetus to the industrial development of Odisha and work towards using technology to improve the quality of life of the people.
In this context, he pointed out that all government clearances, including construction permits, are being issued faster than ever before.
He also said that the central government takes decisions keeping in mind the national interest and not for political gains.
Such efforts create undue difficulties, especially for those in the developed and least developed countries who are at the bottom.
To those who are exploring possibilities in India, I promise that we are committed to further fine-tuning our policies and procedures to promote Make in India.
The Prime Minister will then reach the 'Wall of Unity' and inaugurate it.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a time-bound manner.
Both sides took stock of the recent investments made by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing sector in the Russian Far East.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
The Government and people of India are with you in this journey towards peace and prosperity.
Rather, it should strive to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
If the US is strong, it will naturally benefit India.
Friends, In my view and in the vision of our government, the scope of consumer protection is very wide.
A look at his life-time gives a glimpse of the whole of India.
He said that the projects unveiled today will play an important role in the development of sectors like education, health, employment, skill development, transport, power, sports and tourism.
The meeting was attended by several Union Ministers.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the reforms undertaken in India in recent times.
The signing of the Trade Measures Agreement today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
The Prime Minister also greeted children on the occasion of Vishwakarma Jayanti and said that it is important to learn a variety of skills.
Jasmer Singh would leave for work every morning before Rajni and her siblings could wake up.
India's economic interests can be better served by the large number of arbitration experts and lawyers available.
During the last two financial years, we achieved about $55 billion in FDI.
We have come together to shape and support our common activities and efforts in the international context.
We are confident that our people will be the decisive partners in our endeavour to create responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
Another important aspect of the project is that about a thousand women and 23 transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi metro rail system.
It will also contribute to the economic development of Kochi.
He also mentioned that sports also help in personality development, confidence building and overall development.
Prime Minister Modi said that his government is committed to ending middlemen and corruption.
New AIIMS are being opened in different states to provide better treatment and healthcare to people across the country.
Our armed forces have always displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
The MoU was signed on July, 2017.
The government has launched a series of transformational initiatives.
These experiences will enrich your life.
He also offered prayers at the Sree Padmanabha Swamy temple.
Bharat Net aims to provide end-to-end internet connectivity in the country.
This will add immense strength to our strategic defence.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India have been centres of spread of social reform.
The Prime Minister recalled their meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar for a lifestyle of discipline and development.
In this direction, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
His courage in the face of adversity and his constant resistance to imperialism can never be forgotten.
My dear countrymen, I am not a yoga teacher.
The Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation the Western-North Inter-Regional Power Transmission Line built to ensure uninterrupted power supply to western Uttar Pradesh.
In this regard, they resolved to strengthen a close developmental partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner for national modernization and further enrichment of their people.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Jharkhand, on their Statehood Day.
I also want to make a special mention of the hard work of the jawans of the NDRF.
This year, on the hills of the Nilgiris in the south, it is like our Neelakurinji flower, like the Ashoka Chakra of the tricolor, fluttering in the festival of the country's independence.
The Prime Minister said the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme will transform the health sector.
The UAE is one of our most valued allies in a significant part of the world, and a close friend.
The Prime Minister has also greeted the people of Andhra Pradesh.
Shri Narendra Modi mentioned the various projects being undertaken in the power, road and other infrastructure sectors and said that these projects have made tremendous progress and have improved the lives of the people in Varanasi and adjoining areas.
The committee has also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to make the government machinery corruption-free through demonetisation and anti-corruption measures.
The Prime Minister interacted with the personnel of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police and the Indian Army and presented them sweets.
It is, therefore, the endeavour of the government to ensure subsidised healthcare to every citizen.
You too should take part and especially I would urge you to show these things to the children.
Now I specifically talk about food processing.
Thank you, Nandri.
The second edition of the Dialogue for Conflict Prevention and Environmental Consciousness is being held in Yangon today and tomorrow.
This new tradition of public participation for our country... It is our effort to take the country forward through public participation.
I bow to all those heroes with all my heart and respect.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development in Patna.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today spoke about the benefits of the PM-SYM scheme.
The treaty will provide the legal framework for the extradition of terrorists, economic offenders and other criminals from Lithuania to India and from India to Lithuania.
The Ayushman Bharat scheme will provide vast investment opportunities in health infrastructure, medical device manufacturing, and healthcare.
Everyone should have dreams for the next Olympics.
As soon as you see it, your disappointment will turn into faith.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and hard work of our farmers for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
Somewhere there is a story of an innovation regarding cleanliness or news of a change brought about by an officer's passion.
Enterprises want assurances of the law's pervasiveness in the Indian market.
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
Indian women have played a leading role in peacekeeping operations.
Taking the lead in this campaign, the Prime Minister has shared a special video on social media, appealing to the people to send a message to the brave jawans of our armed forces.
In such a positive atmosphere, amidst a series of positive events, today we are celebrating the festival of independence.
Swiss Bank has reported that deposits by Indians have reached an all-time low.
Whether it is the thousands of feet high mountains of the Himalayas or the sun-warmed deserts, yoga is enriching every life, in every situation.
We need to change this mindset.
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
The Prime Minister will formally inaugurate the Bhagavad-gita by opening its pages.
The central government will support the steps taken by the state government.
He said that under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign is underway to provide a permanent house to the poor in cities and villages.
Our bilateral trade is more than 10 billion dollars.
He said that a comprehensive approach to education is being adopted under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
The Prime Minister said that with the efforts of the government, India has emerged as a shining star of the global economy.
There is a need to create mapping related to disasters like earthquakes we need to have widely accepted standards and norms.
This interaction programme of the Prime Minister covered more than one crore women representing different groups.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan forward.
You act as an interface between the government and tax paying citizens and companies.
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfer for 59 different schemes.
The Prime Minister said, "Rani Lakshmibai is an inspiration for every Indian.
It gives me immense pleasure to participate in the inauguration ceremony of the Kochi Metro.
He said that dynamic change is needed to bring about a change in the system.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but has also emerged as a country that is eradicating poverty at the fastest pace.
All these projects present immense potential for Japanese industry.
He said that the common man and traders will definitely benefit from this innovative decision.
In June 2015, I had the opportunity to welcome you in India.
He said that the government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
The Prime Minister said that the gathering here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
In this event, apart from 13 medals, we won 3 more medals in the mix event.
Being partners in democracy, the Republic of Korea and India share common ideals and vision for regional and global peace.
Given the huge size and scale of requirements in India, there is every possibility of additional gains for investors.
This year also, let us try to organize 'Run for Unity' in our village, town, city, metropolis.
Every year, an average of ₹32,000 crore has been spent on water conservation and water management, excluding the MGNREGA budget.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in the state due to various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Crop Insurance Scheme, and Saubhagya.
I especially request my young friends to participate in tomorrow's interaction.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) started its funding-related operations in January 2016.
I want to tell you all about its extremely positive results.
Praising the various social initiatives being taken by the Dawoodi Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that the government has made several efforts to ensure that the living standards of the citizens, especially the poor and needy, are improved.
The agreement that has just been exchanged will establish this understanding.
I pray to God for the recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
With the inauguration of the Statue of Unity, India has given itself a huge inspiration for the future today.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
He is also remembered for his work in the field of education and other social concerns.
The Russian side expressed interest that Russia would like to participate in the international competitive bidding process when the Ministry of Railways of India decides on projects to increase the speed of trains.
'Pariksha Pe Charcha 'was a feature of this that there was an open discussion on various topics related to the exam.
Only recently did we proceed with the formalization of the law.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Health Day.
This will boost the production of high-quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
At any time other than farming, he can also earn by selling electricity from solar farming.
A small tea seller, today you will be surprised to know that education is shining in the lives of more than 70 children.
Non-communicable diseases, including cardiovascular disease and cancer of children;
Cooking gas prices will also be decided by the market.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
The use of this bridge will significantly improve connectivity between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh and significantly reduce travel time.
Consumers are also being made aware through the Jago-Grahak Jago campaign.
Now we have reached the information age.
Food processing is the way of life in India.
Now some more important decisions have also been taken in the interest of farmer brothers.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path of wellness from illness.
The objective of the MoU is to promote innovation, creativity and economic development in both countries.
I will go to Haifa today to pay homage to our brave soldiers.
He also addressed a public meeting at Luangsangbam.
My best wishes to the entire team and support staff, on behalf of the countrymen.
In this context, he mentioned government programmes like Jan Dhan Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Swachh Bharat Mission, Bima Yojana, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana and the recently launched Saubhagya Yojana.
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2017-18 has been 7. 7 per cent.
The Prime Minister said, "Today, Jan-Dhan Yojana completes three years.
India's test was successful and in a way, India had demonstrated its strength in the field of science and technology.
I hope this will help us move forward.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential in the North Eastern Region.
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on "Technology and Rural Life."
Shri Gobind Singh believed that the greatest service was to alleviate human suffering.
In addition, I look forward to meeting with the leaders of nine other countries, including the BRICS countries, at the Emerging Market and Developing Countries Dialogue hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
And therefore, brothers and sisters, it is very important to create confidence in the minds of the common man of the country by ending the distortions in our system.
Tezu Airport has been revamped to accommodate commercial operations under the UDAN scheme.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to further develop the understanding of yoga.
Together, we will build an India where corruption and nepotism will not be compromised.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), as well as several well-known agencies such as Moody's, have also expressed their confidence in India's economic journey.
He said that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the streams of Jan Bhagidari and Jan Andolan.
Together, we will build an India free of terror, communalism and casteism.
India has over 300 million middle-class consumers.
New laws have been made, old laws have been made more stringent.
The proposed bill will ensure greater transparency in the government's nomination of workers' representatives to tripartite faculties.
Prime Minister Modi said that the defence relationship is an important pillar between India and Japan.
The Prime Minister said that India considers Israel an important partner in our path to sustained high growth and inclusive development.
There are also plans to hold bilateral meetings with the participating countries during the BRICS summit.
He was the first Indian to travel the world alone, carrying a small boat without any modern technology.
Excellencies, We appreciate your vision and leadership in taking our country out of the crisis and on the path to economic prosperity.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate leprosy from the country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to the same goal of Mahatma Gandhi.
This reflects India's desire to set global standards.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking a number of proactive steps, including a five-year national action plan, to improve your quality of life.
Now is the time to debate it, to find a way.
In the case of cooking gas alone, 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts.
• If the law is doing its job, then we have to work unitedly towards those who are looking for a way out by talking about political conspiracy.
He complimented them for their dedication towards education as well as making it a life mantra.
Temples were usually built on an extensive plot away from the residential area.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister interacted with college students from different parts of the country.
Our relations continue to be on an upward trajectory.
Friends, This is the first conference of its kind in this part of the country.
The Prime Minister said "this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifice of the people of our country for freedom."
The Prime Minister will also announce access to electricity to all households in Arunachal Pradesh under the Saubhagya scheme.
The Prime Minister mentioned the expansion of infrastructure related to basic health services, road networks, oil and gas pipelines.
He successfully placed 104 satellites in space through a single rocket launch.
His slogan of 'Jai Jawan Jai Kisan' is the hallmark of this towering personality of his.
In the interest of the country, when all the parties work together, the decisions are also good, quick, and the results are also good.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that there is a long interaction between the senior-most and the junior-most officers.
These members also shared their views on the long history of the two countries as well as mutual maritime links.
The Prime Minister mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had unfurled the tricolour 75 years ago.
When India is clean, healthy, only then will India prosper.
You are the leader of a great nation.
He reiterated the key role of the United Nations, including the 'High-Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development', to coordinate as well as review the global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
In this context, the Prime Minister also talked about the initiatives taken in the field of air connectivity and water connectivity.
His contribution is highly valued in India and the United Arab Emirates.
The award will be given for exceptional efforts towards furthering national integration.
They have unique powers and insights.
People have also started giving each other Khadi items as gifts.
This year World Environment Day seeks to address a very important challenge.
The Prime Minister said that the distinguished reputation earned in the past is not enough, but it is also extremely important to adapt to the emerging challenges.
36 industries have been taken out of the ambit of environmental clearance requirement.
The Prime Minister said that the GST will promote a modern tax administration that will be easier and more transparent and will help curb corruption.
Thereafter, the Prime Minister will visit Anjar.
The Prime Minister said that if one does not absorb nature, nature reacts in the form of climate change.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that development is the best solution to all forms of violence.
He urged the members to raise awareness among the communities regarding their rights.
The practice of yoga creates a sense of oneness - the unity of mind, body, and intellect.
His calm approach to the game will definitely help the entire team.
He also informed that the Fair and Cash Price (FRP) of sugarcane for the sugar season of 2018-19 will also be announced.
Shri Modi will unveil the plaque to mark the service for the 3 billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Temple.
We have moved towards a digital platform in fuel retail and payments.
India has managed to improve its rating after a long wait.
It was with this spirit when I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat that I launched a similar movement called 'Vanche Gujarat'.
The energy intensity of economies will change with a focus on green energy and energy efficiency.
The Prime Minister also visited the museum and exhibition, and the visitors' gallery.
Many of our festivals uniquely embody the spirit of saving rivers and water.
1.25 billion Indians look forward to welcoming the leaders of ASEAN countries as our chief guests at India's 69th Republic Day celebrations.
"Bhupen Hazarika's songs and music have been admired by people from generation to generation.
Here on this occasion, I would like to specifically tell my colleagues from other countries about the Give-it-Up scheme.
Sister Nivedita Ji restored the glory of Indian culture.
The Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
More than 33 lakh women farmers have been trained through the Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Project.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
He also said that this will instill confidence among the common people which is the key to a 'New India'.
The review meeting lasted for about two hours and was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related ministries, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office.
He had invested his entire life's earnings just by relying on one of your signs.
In India, if we compare the effects of cyclones in 1999 and 2013, the effects will be visible.
The Air Force also gave a befitting reply to the enemy in 1965.
The two leaders expressed confidence that the strong partnership between India and the United States will continue to be an important factor in global peace and prosperity.
130 crore Indians will give a befitting reply to every such conspiracy, every such attack.
A law was passed in 2015 for disclosure of money in foreign bank accounts.
It was a constant act of demeaning our culture and making us feel inferior.
The Prime Minister said that student organisations should give more importance to cleanliness during the campaign for university elections.
In Singapore, I will focus on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skill development, urban planning, and artificial intelligence.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment ties, we revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
Health and wellness centres are an important part of the Ayushman Bharat scheme to ensure holistic health.
There was also a time in the past when some Indian products gained a global reputation.
It will have separate programmes on village development, poor welfare and social justice across India.
You must have seen how steps have been taken within 100 hours of the attack.
Shri Vijay Rupani, Chief Minister of Gujarat;
A Chair for Indian Studies has been established at the University of Lisbon.
We need to make full use of these capabilities.
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
It has been one of the countries with the highest growth rates in the Eurozone in 2016.
He did incredible work to serve the refugees in Delhi after partition.
He also said that fuel burnt due to delays while crossing state borders will now be saved and will also benefit the environment.
Yoga guarantees both fitness and wellness.
This was also a feat done by our soldiers in the direction of peace.
His achievement is special because he made his challenge the medium of his success.
We remember with pride the sacrifice of our army.
The Prime Minister said that if someone thinks that not going to a place will prolong his chief minister's tenure and going to a place will shorten his tenure, then such a person is not at all entitled to become the chief minister.
The government is also emphasizing on how to bring more foreign capital to India.
Both underscored the importance of pluralism, democracy and the rule of law as values for achieving peaceful co-existence.
He recalled India's commitment to generate 175 GW of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of K. Karunanidhi.
My condolences to those who lost their loved ones in the loss of lives due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
No new funds have been approved.
Peacekeeping operations are not an easy task.
Foreign direct investment in India was at its highest level in 2015-16 while the rate of FDI in the world has fallen.
We will work shoulder to shoulder with countries in these regions to deal with disasters.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of maintaining "zeal" in the cooperative movement, which he said still persists to a large extent in rural areas.
"We salute the bravehearts who laid down their lives during this dastardly attack on Parliament," the Prime Minister said.
It is inspired by the teachings of truth of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
My dear countrymen, on the coming 4th of November, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti.
Both sides agreed to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on a priority basis.
It ensured that crores of Indians were brought under the umbrella of 'One Nation and One Constitution'.
Unusual because Swati and Nidhi were serving Maa-Bharati when her husband was martyred.
Kochi was selected as a smart city in January 2016 under the first round of the challenge process.
The medal winners called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House.
Our cultural partnership is growing.
During the last three years, everyone has made efforts in their own way towards water conservation and water management.
He popularised India's musical traditions globally.
We agree to maintain the momentum of our relations in all key areas, including energy and investment.
There will be a series of such inspiring events next to you as well.
Today, we remember and salute their courage.
Historically, temples have played a significant role in our society.
The single window support cell provides support to foreign investors.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lahartara.
There are several important features of this metro project.
In addition, working capital loans on digital transactions have been asked to be increased from 20 per cent to 30 per cent.
India and Russia respect the establishment of a multi-polar world order in international relations as part of the natural and inevitable process of development of interstate relations in the 21st century.
The two sides aim to establish cooperative institutional relations to encourage technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable topics on the basis of mutual benefit.
That movement was mainly aimed at the younger generation.
"On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation facilities across our country.
Skill India aims to ensure that newcomers to the workforce have the necessary skills so that they can contribute to the 21st century economy.
He also said that the government will ensure that adequate agricultural credit is available.
He has carried forward this movement with great purity.
The weather has become pleasant with torrential rains in many parts of the country.
GST will accelerate efficiency in furthering long-distance transport by removing physical barriers at state borders.
Our ancestors have lived it for centuries.
In a few days, we will celebrate the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
He also elaborated on how all government schemes and initiatives are aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Dr. Mohammed for the progress and prosperity of the people of Malaysia.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
It's a good start.
Consequences of convening the budget session
Whenever there is talk of hockey in the world, the story of hockey will be incomplete without these great players of India.
The Prime Minister said that the conference has now become even more relevant in the context of the country's challenges and responsibilities.
And if we give nature information to children, maybe they can come in handy in protecting the environment.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
This is a new path that the government has opened for you.
My thoughts and every Indian's are with his family in this hour of grief.
Referring to the Atal Incubation Centre, he said that startups have now started joining it.
Some send photos of the children's efforts, while others tell a story of the team efforts of the youth.
The Central Government has decided to celebrate 7th March, 2019 as Jan Aushadhi Diwas across the country to create awareness and promote the use of generic medicines.
This law will play an effective role in curbing cases of crime against women and girls.
With this launch, we have embarked on a journey to create the most advanced range of our engagement.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am happy to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in the off-region areas under this project.
It seems to be a question of life and death.
Let us work with the spirit of buying Khadi and lighting Diwali Diya in the house of the poor.
There were even attempts to erode the confidence of Indians in them.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
We have full faith in the valour and bravery of our soldiers.
The Prime Minister quoted author Ramvriksh Benipuri and poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to express the mood at that time.
I once again wish you all a very happy Ram Navami.
He said that our armed forces are conducting an average of 10 major joint exercises with the armies of friendly countries every year.
The economic and social benefits of the metro rail system are obvious.
India's development needs are vast and real.
Oil ministers in developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
A highly educated population will help India excel on the global stage.
"Greetings and best wishes to CISF personnel on the Raising Day of the Central Industrial Security Force.
The presentation made by the CEO of NITI Aayog highlighted that significant progress has been made in many areas.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister stressed the need for innovative efforts towards underground mining and gas from coal mines through the use of latest technology.
We support a common approach to ensuring peace and security and shaping the world order that reflects cultural and civilizational diversity and at the same time strengthens the unity of humankind.
He stressed the importance of reforming multilateral financial and political institutions to make them more representative and sensitive to the needs of developing countries.
The Prime Minister said India believes that the world is one family and it is with this spirit that it is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
The event featured a mass recitation of Soundarya Lahari.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong advocate of a multilateral trading system.
This year, for the first time, we will witness Tri-Services Exercise INDRA-2017.
I begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for hosting this global conference.
In this Town Hall program, I got an opportunity to talk to crores of students, their parents, teachers of the country and abroad through technology.
He unveiled a roadmap for the overall development of the tribes during the next five years.
This will not only improve our refining and processing capacity, but also allow for timely and efficient project completion.
He said that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made Swachh Bharat Mission the world's largest mass movement.
The whole country was worried about how to save Tommy.
Best wishes to all of you countrymen on all these festivals.
These short-cut routes cause duplication.
Two days later, along with Pujya Bapu, we will also celebrate Shastriji's birth anniversary.
They have sacrificed their lives while serving the country.
The mantra is that society can fight against superstition with faith.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of solidarity in the European Union and underlined its importance as a force for stability in the world.
This is the hallmark of the credibility of your dynamic course and exam.
This is another area that can become a link to further connect our societies.
There has always been a place for every positive change in our country.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Union Government has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the people.
Road connectivity in rural areas is now 90 per cent.
Best wishes to all the countrymen on this auspicious festival.
Stable, predictable, and transparent laws and regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
New Tamil Nadu is not possible without New India.
Giving a befitting reply to those who mocked the Prime Minister's Swachhta Abhiyan announcement from the Red Fort, he said that today due to the elaboration of the Swachhta Abhiyan, 97 per cent of the population now has access to clean toilets.
I also look forward to visiting Janakpur and Muktinath in addition to Kathmandu.
I hope that Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation will have a memorable stay in India.
Electricity reached every village of the country.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
Most sectors of our economy are now open only to FDI.
At the press of a button, the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of roads to be built under the Central Road Fund (CRF).
I wish the injured a speedy recovery.
Together, we will build an India where youth and women will have ample opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
He encouraged the jawans to do new things so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
He stressed that the development and growth of Jammu and Kashmir is among his key priorities.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that he is experiencing a special energy in the atmosphere from this collective lesson.
This will promote and propagate the traditional medicines of India in Colombia.
My dear countrymen, Ganeshotsav is coming up in a few days.
The 10 questions of the survey are as follows:
India has had strong strategic ties with all three countries.
I have fond memories of working with Shri M. Venkaiah Naidu in the party and government.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of minority welfare schemes under the central government.
Therefore, the gems and jewellery sector is the biggest example of the potential of 'Make in India' and 'Skill India'.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar's words that we must build a social democracy along with our political democracy.
The name of the selected bank will be released as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro fare card and app.
In fact, the 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the people of Japan.
These operations have taken place in many countries, including Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, and other parts of the world.
More than 90 per cent of FDI approvals are being granted through the automatic route.
All this will affect the demand for energy.
There is an occasion to worship Maa Durga.
Strong person-to-person contacts and the presence of a large Indian diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for these relationships.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of pipeline and road projects.
Areas of youth-based cooperation include the movement of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in charge of youth-related policymakers from one country to another.
Benami properties worth over Rs 800 crore have been seized by the government.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Siachen where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
He said that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
Shri Modi said that Shri Vajpayee is among the finest orators his country has ever produced.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done significant work in the last 150 years.
On behalf of all the countrymen, I wish him a bright future.
It was during his tenure that the timing of the presentation of the budget was changed.
The Indian soldiers showed the world that they were second to none when it came to war.
Together, the two countries are contributing to creating a more connected and wider world than ever before.
The salient features of this tunnel are as follows:
The expectations of the country at this time, the feelings of passing something, are also natural.
He said that this decision will pave the way for a huge amount of money in the development of mineral-rich districts.
The grid is part of the government's plan to provide affordable and quality gas to the entire northeastern region.
He said a strong America would be beneficial to the entire world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted all citizens on National Voters' Day.
Our partnership will extend to combating terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
The duplication of such process by various departments for recognition of trade unions at the central and state level will be prevented.
The Prime Minister said that the freedom struggle became a people's movement due to the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
We don't want to spend 10 years deliberating without any concrete outcome.
In this context, I heartily congratulate F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
You can also be a big catalyst agent in increasing the country's tourism by using this time from the month of October to the month of March.
I congratulate the people of Kochi in this proud moment.
For a strong partnership base, we support thriving bilateral trade and investment flows.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian soldiers in the liberation of Haifa during the First World War.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the healthcare needs of the region.
In his message, he said, I pay homage to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
Within hours, the video generated a tremendous amount of interest on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook.
The memorial also has 24 frescoes depicting various events and stories from the historic 1930 Salt March.
The delegation appreciated the Prime Minister's stand on the issue of triple talaq.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries Programme provides an opportunity for junior and senior officers to interact with each other.
I look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during the visit.
The thinking of the government will also be discussed and I think a very good debate will also take place in the session.
An increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
More than a thousand archaic laws have been abolished.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Old Kashi and the Atal Incubation Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
The Prime Minister also said that Bhuj, like other metros of Gujarat, will have a modern bus port.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions so that commercial matters can be settled at the earliest.
Cars manufactured in India by Japanese carmakers are already on sale in Japan.
One has to go out of the house for the first time, out of the village, out of a protective environment and become one's own charioteer.
And I know how much an action against black money can do to any political party to eliminate shell companies.
48. Together, we will build an India that is clean, healthy and fulfils the dream of Swaraj.
The strength of the India-US strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
Khadi is emerging as a powerful tool in the lives of the poorest of the poor, hand-looms are transforming the lives of the poorest of the poor and empowering them.
He also talked about the work being done towards cleanliness and the work being done to enhance the beauty of the city.
It is painful to see people affected by a disaster.
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase the import of fertilizers from Russia.
Several important bills benefiting the youth and backward communities were passed in this session.
This feeling of attachment to the country and love for the countrymen was ingrained in the veins of the great man with a small stature.
A high-level Russian delegation will visit India to promote Indian investment in the Far East and to organise an investment road-show.
After unveiling the plaque for the inauguration, the Prime Minister walked towards the bridge for a few minutes.
First, we have to imbibe the principles of disaster mitigation management in all areas of development.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Kochi Metro and undertook a brief walk on the new Metro line.
The train is likely to significantly reduce travel time as it runs between the two cities.
Therefore, it is appropriate that Kochi should have a metro rail facility.
He said that the officers present in today's conference have provided the right leadership despite working in an atmosphere of negativity.
The passing away of Mr. Hawking is sad.
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
The Prime Minister credited Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath for coming to Noida and ending the superstition associated with the city.
Background
Therefore, the Indian Ocean occupies a special place in the policies of the government.
The Prime Minister will also release the blueprint of the Harit Rameswaram project.
He also spoke of several other projects, including roads and Namami Gange related projects, which were either inaugurated or the foundation stone was laid today.
You celebrate Indian festivals in your own way.
He said that farmers and scientists need to work together to transform agriculture.
But we know that we have restricted democracy to the ballot paper.
On behalf of the people and farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada River, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the government of Madhya Pradesh for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
The Prime Minister extended his heartiest congratulations to all those associated with this magnificent feat.
He encouraged them to share unique experiences and write on the subject during the visit.
To make our comprehensive strategic partnership objective and action-oriented, we have shaped an ambitious roadmap.
He said that along with Varanasi, the entire country is today seeing how the vision of next-generation infrastructure is rejuvenating the country's transport infrastructure.
The exam itself should be a joyous occasion.
The MoU will help the Academy to disseminate its experiences to NIPAM for running training institutes for higher civil services in the country.
This Bhagiratha effort of cleanliness is a wonderful example of beauty, collectivity and continuity.
MoU between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institute for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
The Prime Minister further said that for start-ups to succeed, it is important to have enough capital, courage, and connect with people.
The AMRUT Mission also covers 33 cities in Tamil Nadu.
Along with this, it has also been approved to remove the name of this company from the list of the Registrar of Companies after adjusting the remaining liabilities of TSPL.
The Prime Minister said that the focus of the government is to provide an affordable health care system for the poor.
These are some of the questions I want to leave to you to answer.
Who doesn't know the sense of adventure.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of a sewerage network project in the western part of Agra under the 'AMRUT' scheme.
So many young people leave their homes for the first time, to give a new direction to their lives.
We have done good work in the field of wildlife conservation.
I have spoken to Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu and other officials in Delhi and the states on the flood situation.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means of growth and prosperity.
The birth anniversary of Lord Mahavira is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
This has resulted in an even larger partnership of Japanese industries with the Indian economy.
He said that projects worth Rs 12 lakh crore have been speeded up in this way.
Through Make in India, we are giving a platform to global companies to produce in India and make better use of the huge human resources here.
The Prime Minister discussed cooperation between India and Israel towards innovation in areas such as food, water, health, and energy.
He said that efforts are being made to showcase India's glorious past and dynamic future.
He said that the goal of the government is to double the income of farmers by 2022.
In the coming year 2019, we are going to celebrate the 550th Light Year of Guru Nanak Dev Ji.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for his condolences and offer of assistance.
India's per capita income has doubled in the last 10 years.
He stressed that poor people should also benefit from quality and affordable healthcare.
Congratulations to ISRO on the successful launch of India's heaviest, largest and most advanced communication satellite - GSAT-11. "
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
Our UPI or United Payments Interface system, as well as the BHIM app and RuPay cards, are also showing the real potential of the digital economy in India.
We have taken many decisive steps and created a governance system that will help India realise its potential.
He was an effective voice for the aspirations of Karnataka in Delhi.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
The gems and jewellery sector employs 46 lakh people.
The number of air passengers in the aviation sector has reached 282 million per year.
Strategic partnership
Even today, a Japanese township has been announced.
He recalled his address during Mann Ki Baat in 2017 in which he had appealed for holding artificial parliaments in districts.
Sports are still considered a waste of time in society.
The Prime Minister elaborated on how the Union Government is working for the welfare of farmers.
He said that the projects being inaugurated today are very auspicious for the cooperative union.
The result of 100% neem coating of urea has also been in the form of reducing expenditure on fertilizer, besides increasing productivity.
If we talk about the three years of this government, more than 22 thousand MW of new renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
Given the global uncertainties, India needs energy security.
Its range extends throughout South Asia.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation to attend our first ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
We people say very naturally - unity in diversity, characteristic of India.
We are now a globally integrated economy.
He said this creative environment should be used to build a New India at a faster pace.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men are from our country.
The first requirement for a healthy life is cleanliness.
Today we are gathered here with the belief that we humans can do something for this planet.
The two leaders also agreed that given the vast developmental experience and national capabilities of both countries, India and China, as two important countries and emerging economies, should join hands to take the lead in providing unique and sustainable solutions to address the challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
Biofuels actually reduce the dependence of imports on crude oil.
I once again bow to Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
The unique festival of Chhath Puja is fully associated with nature and the worship of nature.
Best wishes.
He said that more than 65 AYUSH hospitals have been developed during the last 3 years.
More than 40 countries have also sent their official delegations.
He said that as a result of these programmes, India has jumped 42 places in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last 4 years.
The Prime Minister will offer prayers in front of the 'Statue of Unity'.
The Japanese people have led the world in the field of sustainable development.
In this context, he also discussed his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka this morning on 17 October 2018.
He stressed the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy country.
An exhibition on state-of-the-art or futuristic technologies and space exploration will be held which will present an appropriate vision of the future of space travel.
Cyprus is the eighth-largest investor in India.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji is not only the first Guru of the Sikhs but he is also the Jagat-Guru.
President Temer's visit will open the way for cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
However, legal reforms can yield the desired results only if an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is available.
I will also visit religious places that have cultural links with India.
Our festivals also teach us social values.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy in the world.
So far, progress data of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries have been displayed on this portal.
Shape our partnership and reconciliation in a way that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and touches your lives as well.
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than many major economies.
The MoU on the proposed development of a fertilizer plant in Malaysia and the import of additional urea from Malaysia to India is a welcome development.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
This is one area where India needs to improve in order to remain competitive.
This will be the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
This shows our commitment to provide houses to the poor, to the middle class.
Nikki Haley conveyed US President Trump's best wishes to Prime Minister Modi during the meeting.
He told the officers that to succeed in tasks and objectives, it is important to develop close relationships with people.
Excellencies, I warmly recall our meeting in August 2015 and February last year.
The heroes of London's India House, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with fanfare.
He also congratulated those who have allowed their land around the temple to be authorised for the project.
It is a matter of happiness for me as I, along with my partner and friend President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, had the opportunity to jointly inaugurate this conference.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you some of the recent notable achievements of our scientists in India.
Shri Modi said that young athletes should motivate the youth in their schools and villages to take up sports.
The Prime Minister said that India has to make the best arrangements in the port sector if it is to make a place for itself in global trade.
We need to ensure that high standards of disaster safety are followed in their construction.
Calling for a focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an important step in this direction.
The Prime Minister agreed that a strong partnership can lead to innovations, economic growth, sustainable solutions, and mutually beneficial trade and investment.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
Our bilateral defence cooperation is based on strong mutual trust.
India's position in the Global Innovation Index, Global Logistics Index, and Global Competitiveness Index is also progressing rapidly.
Manpower is considered to be the very form of God.
The Prime Minister said that it is our endeavour to start development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
He informed that these steps are bringing a change in the lives of common people.
The decision should come within six months during the fast track process.
It has received wings from our democratic traditions, which strengthen the spirit of entrepreneurship with an emphasis on both wealth and value creation and seek modernisation for the prosperity of its economy.
"A warm welcome and best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup," the Prime Minister said.
That is why so many letters have come about agriculture.
The women beneficiaries narrated how SHGs have brought a positive change in their lives.
The same game is known by different names, in different places.
My dear countrymen, the Neelakurinji flower blooms once in 12 years in our country.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister of Portugal António Costa visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon today.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
It is the responsibility of all of us countrymen to keep historical heritages safe and clean.
I will meet with President Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickremesinghe and other distinguished dignitaries.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today said that in the present times, a sportsperson's life spans many decades.
Acknowledging the congratulations of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed happiness that they have come from all parts of the country to meet him.
Therefore, there will be additional benefits if new technology is tried to be used in the construction of new houses in India.
Yoga is a code of connecting people with life and then connecting mankind with nature.
I had two memorable meetings recently.
He underlined that the project was approved in January 2015 and is now available for use.
In this context, we have outlined a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction, which are as follows:
I heartily congratulate the school people of Chandrapur, these young friends of mine.
It provides for frameworks and conducive environment for understanding each other's strengths, markets, technology, policies, etc.
India, along with its other partner countries and stakeholders in the region, will build an alliance or hub to boost disaster resilience infrastructure.
In July this year, we have implemented a uniform Goods and Services Tax system across the country.
In August 2016, a strict set of rules were put in place to curb benami transactions.
No civilized society can tolerate any kind of injustice against the women power of the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversaries.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister presented the event as an example of Indian traditions.
Incorporation of Tai Khamti in place of Khampti in serial number 6.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to M. Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected the Vice President of India.
He announced immediate release of additional assistance of Rs 500 crore under SDRF.
The Prime Minister addressed a gathering after launching the projects.
He mentioned Chanakya and said that hard work can remove all obstacles and it also helps us to accomplish the most difficult objectives.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
The Prime Minister said that he was told, in the 13th century, that the Indian Sufi saint Baba Farid had come to Jerusalem and had meditated in a cave here.
He complimented Prime Minister Abe for launching the project in such a short span of time.
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic fumes.
He said that the new format of the conference has significantly improved the quality of discussions.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
People affected in disaster and after disaster are using social media to help each other.
Our domestic market is fragmented.
He also mentioned the Defence Production Joint Ventures for the production of Kamov 226 helicopters and frigates.
Both sides agreed to explore opportunities for joint cooperation in forest products including precious metals, minerals, natural resources, timber through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the state government, and all other agencies involved in dealing with the flood situation so far.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List up to November, 2018.
Our past has always been moderately woven inward.
I have said before that the combination of your hardware and our software will be tremendous.
The Prime Minister said that in addition to the National War Memorial, a National Police Memorial has also been established.
The Prime Minister conveyed his and the people of India's deepest condolences for the loss of life and property caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami in the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
His singing will continue to attract people to Sufi music.
The Government of India, in collaboration with 5 state governments, made a successful effort to connect people for a clean Ganga in the past.
The enthusiasm of these doctors friends who are selflessly engaged in service is truly commendable.
Through the interaction, the farmers will get an opportunity to meet the Prime Minister.
This is change.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
This in itself is a living example of a changed environment.
Prime Minister Modi will also lay the foundation stone of the North Regional Centre Campus of the Indian Institute of Mass Communication in Jammu.
The Molecular Oncology Department of the institute was declared a "Centre of Excellence" by the Central Government in 2007.
13. To inform and inform citizens on hygiene and food safety and healthy food habits.
Recently, 16-year-old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to conquer Everest from Nepal.
The agreement will support revenue collection claims made by both countries.
He recalled the felicitation of Indian military personnel by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year.
School children belonging to Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
The projects reviewed today include construction of four new AIIMS in Delhi, Mumbai Industrial Corridor Mangalagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
I am happy to visit this great country once again.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate Agreement as a shared heritage of the entire world and hoped that it will be a new ray of hope for the next generation.
Tababi Devi, a 16-year-old young player, hails from a village in Manipur.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is essential for development today.
Our beloved leader, the former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji, had clearly said that human rights are not an alien concept to us.
The next step in this movement should be to convert waste into a valuable product.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the centenary celebrations of the Karnataka Lingayat Education Society, in Belagavi.
And for this, you people will also have to take strict steps.
12. Training and research of food industry operators.
This will result in expansion of health facilities which will create a large number of jobs.
The sale of Khadi gift coupons has registered a growth of around 680% during Diwali.
He said that organizing such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of debate among our youth.
Last year, about 3.5 crore people have benefited from it.
My dear brothers and sisters, just yesterday, our countrymen celebrated 'Infantry Day'.
He said that Ardha Kumbh will showcase how "New India" encompasses both heritage and modernity.
Preparing hospitals for the exchange of good facilities;
The theme of IEF-16 is' The Future of Global Energy Security '.
He noted with great concern the growing threat of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
We want to build land, sea and air connectivity in the region.
I assure all possible help from the government.
We look forward to continuing our engagement with our other development partners, including AIIB.
Kochi ranks first in terms of the number of domestic and international tourists visiting Kerala.
The beneficiaries explained how the reduction in the cost of heart stents and knee implants has transformed their lives.
The Prime Minister is in constant touch with the Chief Minister regarding the situation arising out of the floods.
The Prime Minister said that postmen have long been a respected and accepted figure in villages.
He also distributed PM-SYM pension cards among the beneficiaries.
Shri Narendra Modi will launch the mass e-Gruh Pravesh of 25,000 beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana through video conferencing.
State governments should take strict action against those who are resorting to violence in the name of cow protection.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in December.
Both sides underlined the importance of cooperation in the field of traffic education, personnel training and scientific support for the implementation of international traffic corridors.
The Prime Minister said that if the impure environment is not cleaned, it promotes a situation where one begins to accept the circumstances.
Indian youth have excelled in this field thanks to their cutting-edge and out-of-the-box thinking.
The emphasis was on women's empowerment and respect for women.
As of August 2017, Indian troops have served in about 50 of the UN's 71 worldwide peacekeeping operations.
As I speak to you today, the holy month of Ramadan has begun.
This is not only the highest ever FDI but also the highest ever increase in India's FDI.
18. It will be aligned with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
First, the prices of 850 essential medicines were controlled and the prices of equipment used for heart surgery and knee surgery were reduced.
Therefore, I am surprised to learn that no Indian Prime Minister has made a bilateral visit to Portugal so far.
Schemes like Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping in better financial inclusion, the Prime Minister said.
And so the weight of points that it carries also sometimes prevents us from going in the right direction.
A number of conferences and seminars have been held on various topics.
He said that a few months ago, a national strategy has been prepared to create a strong infrastructure for research in artificial intelligence.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet only for the sake of peace our soldiers fought all over the world.
10 days ago, Mother India lost her brave sons.
The contacts and exchanges between the citizens of the two countries have always been the bedrock of our friendship.
The Prime Minister said that the common man can associate himself with Adi Shankaracharya's creation - Soundarya Lahari.
He told the students that they should think of innovative solutions to the problems faced by the people.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
Guru Nanak Dev ji also composed 'Gurbani' to speak his mind.
On the occasion of International Yoga Day, many events related to yoga are being organized all over the world.
Today, in the 22nd meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards resolution and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than $7,000 per year.
He said that all the villages located on the banks of the river Ganga have become open defecation free.
He said the national highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
He says that the role of parents in the examination is very important.
The Prime Minister stressed that no country can progress without giving importance and attention to its history and heritage.
India can be a better partner in this regard.
You see, if everyone in a state says so, I would ask the government to scrutinize it and prepare propaganda literature on what seven common things have come from each state.
After hockey, there was good news for India in badminton as well.
Our brave martyrs have sacrificed their lives.
According to UNCTAD's World Investment Report, India is still one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
Earlier this year, he was awarded the 'Padma Shri'.
If these suggestions are in the interest of our country, we will definitely consider them.
I thank Chief Minister Ramyaiah ji and his entire government for organizing this event and for the cooperation and efforts made to make it a success.
The Prime Minister encouraged the Assistant Secretaries to imbibe the best from their experiences while engaging with various Ministries in the times to come.
In a desert like Rajasthan, the Bishnoi community has shown us the way to conserve the environment.
Even today, India is one of the largest troop senders among the various United Nations peacekeeping forces.
Today, foreign investors are making record investments in India.
Under Ayushman Bharat's comprehensive primary health care, we will provide prevention and treatment of diseases near people's homes at the primary level.
Similarly, when you are strong as a country, you can be peaceful with everyone.
The Prime Minister said that India should show the world its heritage, its pride, and its faith.
He will attend functions to mark the completion of one year of the state government.
The MoU was signed on 6th January 2017 in New Delhi.
He said the award is being given at a time when the country is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
He called for a university for the overall development of these 100 villages.
As an experienced parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
He praised the spirit of the people of Nicobar Islands and their hard work in building the archipelago after the tsunami.
I want to see this kind of reading and library movement all over the country.
An enabling alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
The two countries share vibrant and growing people-to-people ties.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in knowing about our history, our freedom fighters, the people who sacrificed for this country.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has connected crores of people to the banking system.
We are sanctioning loans up to one crore rupees in 59 minutes. '
India has always been committed and dedicated to peace.
The boost to the rural economy through this revolution will further strengthen the Indian economy.
He appealed to all present to work towards 100% sanitation coverage by Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary, 2nd October, 2019.
Conversely, if a person cleanses the dirt around him, he gains energy, and he himself does not accept the existing adversities.
The Prime Minister said 1.50 lakh health and wellness centres are being built under Ayushman Bharat.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for the rolling stock and signal system of metro rail.
In Port Blair, the Prime Minister laid a wreath at the Martyrs' Column and visited the Cellular Jail.
See how many times in the last few minutes I have used such words as the best ever, the most brilliant ever.
This will add up to 15 per cent of the total gas produced in Assam.
The Prime Minister assured the athletes that the government would provide them with all necessary assistance and facilities.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan, and the United Arab Emirates.
Science and Technology
The Prime Minister said, "On Air Force Day, greetings to air warriors and their families.
First of all, on behalf of the House and on my own behalf, I heartily congratulate the newly elected Deputy Chairman, Shri Harivansh ji.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
In today's chaotic and fast-paced life, yoga brings peace to one's life by connecting the mind, body, and intellect.
He said that the youth of India is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights.
It is a good opportunity for sports lovers to watch exciting matches.
The Prime Minister will address the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as women entrepreneurship and women empowerment.
All these are aimed at bringing about sweeping changes in the country and paving the way for the creation of a 'New India'.
I will also address a public meeting.
They also exchanged views on their own efforts to contribute to regional and global economic development.
Both for and against the subject, people have their say.
In our country, there is a natural respect for the army, for the security forces.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination is very strong in many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, etc.
In search of peace from the stresses of modern life, people often start consuming drugs such as tobacco, alcohol, and even drugs.
He said that during the last three to three and a half years, the central government has worked to fulfil that vision of social democracy.
In this context, real-time monitoring of the progress of nutrition outcomes was discussed, especially in the worst performing districts.
I pray for the speedy recovery of those injured in the Mandi district of Himachal Pradesh.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has made every Indian proud by winning the Denmark Open title with an outstanding performance.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and at the Centre.
His far-reaching policies with regard to various fields touched the lives of every citizen of India.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
Communication between us has increased at every level.
There they will unveil a plaque to mark the launch of certain features for visitors.
The country is moving in the right direction at every moment.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Janmashtami along with the festival of independence.
Atal ji was a true patriot.
May you all benefit from the benefits of yoga.
Both sides expressed satisfaction at the long-standing cooperation between Indian and Russian scientists in the Antarctic.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate 50 Health and Wellness Centres in Arunachal Pradesh.
During a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach and a Humsafar rake.
He said that through this conference, the top police officers get a holistic view in understanding the problems and challenges.
I hope that the new course will further strengthen the financial skills of newcomers to this profession.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
All responsible persons associated with the subject in the government have been asked to focus on normalising the banking system.
For this, we are strengthening the entire ecosystem of our administrative system.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that banking services through India Post Payments Bank will reach the remotest places and people living there very easily across the country.
Referring to the vision to transform the health sector, the Prime Minister said that the vision of the government in this regard is to find solutions on a large scale, rather than being confined to just one area.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of Rail Coach Factory Sonipat.
The Varanasi Convention Centre project is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto, Japan, and Varanasi.
14. Other areas of cooperation as mutually decided.
It is also a responsibility to conserve as much water as possible carefully, he added.
The growing convergence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the potential to provide new impetus to the global economy.
On 26th January, our 'Republic Day' was celebrated by all of us with zeal and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the country.
It may be revoked by one party after six months' written notice to the other party.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
He urged people to use the BHIM app and adopt cashless transactions.
The Prime Minister has appreciated the efforts being made by the state government to deal with this unprecedented crisis.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Babu Jagjivan on his birthday.
A mutually supportive relationship has to be built between producers and consumers if the world is to develop as a whole.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Central Government Ministries.
We are very pleased to have this opportunity to enhance our engagement with the Bank and its members.
In a way, it is a period full of very important events in the life of the nation.
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
A list of 26 islands has been prepared for overall development.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to provide assistance to unorganized sector workers working in the vicinity to register.
We both agree that all countries need to take urgent action against nations that create terrorism in our region, support, shelter them, and allow these factories of terror to persist.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that over the years, relations between the two countries have gained momentum.
The Prime Minister said that the Kashi Vishwanath temple has maintained its existence despite suffering injustice for many centuries.
My young friends, you are well aware that I keep on 'Mann Ki Baat'.
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions.
This is in addition to the amount of ₹100 crore announced by the Home Minister on 12 August 2018.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom on cooperation in the field of law and justice and setting up of a Joint Consultative Committee.
Reading helps people broaden their thinking.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
Thereafter, he witnessed an audio-visual presentation of the experiences picked up by the selected beneficiaries of the welfare schemes of the Government of India and Rajasthan.
"The government is constantly working to create a business-friendly environment in the country.
Under this mission, an insurance cover of up to ₹5 lakh per family per year will be provided for hospitalization in the second and third phases.
Appreciating the efforts of the diaspora, especially the Saurashtra Patel community, the Prime Minister said that the diaspora has always made India proud.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya united India through the Vedas and the Upanishads.
First, the size of the cabinet in the states was restricted to 15 per cent of the total assembly seats.
Everyone says this, but do we have any responsibility?
We are both democratic countries full of diversity.
The choices we have today will define our collective future.
An amendment to the Arbitration Act will now speed up the arbitration process.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will also launch an air service between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
I am thankful to Akbar Sahib.
Now about three thousand small and big traders have got this privilege through the new Special Notified Zone.
Their goal is to reach 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
If we are not able to manage this progress in planning and implementation, the human and economic losses from the disaster will be greater than before.
Different education boards across the country will begin the process for Class X and XII board exams in the next few weeks.
The Prime Minister has suggested faster work in the field of electronic toll collection.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today held an informal meeting with all Secretaries to the Government of India, senior officials of Ministries.
The two countries signed 12 agreements.
He said that people should get to know about the local history and the archaeology of their cities and regions.
India's ranking has improved due to our efforts towards ease of doing business.
She cycled about 300 kilometres daily for 159 days.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are strong examples of this.
MGNREGA, which is funded by the Government of India for water conservation and water management, has been well received by some.
The Prime Minister then flagged off the "Run for Unity" from the Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
In the spirit of regional cooperation, India will soon launch the South Asia Satellite.
At this time, the entire country stands with the people of the North East.
Any accumulation of waste or dirt within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
46. Together, we will build an India that is free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to meet these goals.
The two leaders exchanged views on their respective visions on foreign policy for achieving global prosperity and security.
Germany ranks 7th among countries investing in India.
We have to take people along, people along, every section of the society along, and with that we have to take the country forward.
The objective of this approval is to ensure that doctors of Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries / Departments / Central Government Institutions work exclusively in areas of specialization on attaining the age of 62 years.
He specifically called for an innovative approach in areas such as skill development and tourism.
The daughters here, today, are sewing from ordinary to fine clothes in addition to their own and their family's clothes.
Fourth, there is a need to invest in risk mapping globally.
We are bringing the Goods and Services Tax law to create a unified national market.
In such a situation, the eyes of the world are fixed on India and yoga for a permanent solution to these problems.
He unfurled the tricolour at Khardung-la in Ladakh on 15 August 2017.
The two leaders also agreed to pursue bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the beneficial arrangements existing between the two countries.
In addition to this network, various universities will be able to carry out specialized research work in these two areas on disaster issues, which will prove to be more relevant.
Not only me, but the whole of India, and the whole of South Africa, is eager to hear the views of the President.
Knowledgeable people have been respected for centuries since the time of the Upanishads.
My dear countrymen, the coming few months are very important for farmer brothers and sisters.
The Centre has assured all possible assistance to the Bihar government to deal with the flood situation.
I express my special gratitude to the administration, governance and people of these five states for fulfilling this task.
The world today is also grappling with the twin challenges of terrorism and climate change.
At the same time, the people here also have a deep understanding of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
They want to be reassured that the rules will not be changed arbitrarily overnight.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore families will be provided health insurance of 5 lakh per family every year.
From the programmes launched today, you can get an idea of the depth of the relationship between the two countries.
Both these places are visited by a large number of pilgrims every year.
Somnath has 20,000 followers on social media.
The progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
He has also pledged to get his only son to join the CRPF.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis has been laid on working at a fast pace on better infrastructure and emotional connect for the entire North Eastern Region.
The outer zone is still quite strong.
Even though India did not win the title, the young players of India won everyone's heart.
This will prove to be extremely important for both the countries considering the shared cultural heritage of both the countries.
The Prime Minister said that he feels very happy when he sees people posting pictures of Varanasi Cantt station online.
It is on the foundation of good knowledge that a comprehensive framework of a better society should be built.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested assistance in areas where technical applications involving high pressure and high temperature are considered relevant for commercial exploitation of natural gas.
Therefore, the Swachh Iconic Places project has now been included in the Swachh Bharat Mission to tackle this problem.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for everyone to maintain peace.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of unifying India.
For example, if a firefighting team visits a school in their area every week, it will make schoolchildren sensitive throughout the year.
The MoU provides an opportunity for Indian Railways to exchange latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
Similarly, on 25 December, the death of Sulagitti Narasamma of Karnataka was reported.
My dear countrymen, greetings to all of you.
The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today is in addition to the Rs 280 crore given to Tamil Nadu and Rs 76 crore given to Kerala earlier this month.
His ideas and ideals have had a profound impact on society.
The team is led by captain Mithali Raj.
India has become an attractive investment destination due to its low labour costs, large domestic market, and macroeconomic stability.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the love he received in Kutch was unparalleled.
You all know that when we successfully put in orbit for the 'Mars Mission', the entire mission was for a period of 6 months.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
To this end, both sides emphasized the continued cooperation between the National Rail and Transport Institute (Vadodara) and the Russian Transport University (MIIT).
My dear countrymen, it has been a unique experience for me to connect with all of you through the 'Mann Ki Baat' programme.
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before, as he is confident that their money is being put to good use for the welfare of the people.
There is no dearth of talented lawyers and judges in India.
"Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary.
He made it clear that the government will ensure availability of more seats in educational institutions so that students from other categories are not affected.
A legacy that connects our society across generations and centuries.
The Prime Minister asked to speed up the work related to the redevelopment of railway stations and do constructive work in the field of non-fare revenue.
The most important role on this historic occasion is that of Chartered Accountants.
He said that Krishi Vigyan Kendras will also play an important role in this direction.
Our parents insist on focusing on studies and academics even today.
The Prime Minister also urged them to focus and work hard towards their goal of reaching the podium in the upcoming Olympics.
The Prime Minister said that the Chief Ministers of the states have played a major role in policy formulation through sub-groups and committees on issues like Swachh Bharat Mission, digital transactions, and skill development.
The construction work of IIT, IIM, AIIMS, is going on at a rapid pace.
On this Environment Day, let us all think about what we can do to make our planet cleaner and greener.
The Prime Minister said, "Gujaratis celebrate the beginning of the new year on the day after Diwali.
Incorporation of 'Mishmi-Kaman' (Mizu Mishmi), Idu (Mishmi) and Tarao (Digaru Mishmi) in serial number 8.
Similar steps have been taken towards the release of advance information about the cyclone.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, his father encouraged him by putting all possible means into it.
He was a source of inspiration for activists like me.
India is moving ahead on all these points towards economic recovery.
The Prime Minister began the virtual consecration of the statue by pressing the button.
On our part, obviously we want more and more Japanese investment.
Training for employment and self-employment is being imparted with an aim to meet the aspirations of the youth for a better life.
I will be in Jakarta on 29 May at the invitation of the President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo.
We are at a time where diamonds are being used in glasses, watches and pens.
'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas' can be our guiding light for cooperation and actions in South Asia.
The passion for football is quite deep in Portugal.
I hope the industry will be in constant touch with him.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event organised by the Press Council of India, on the occasion of National Press Day.
Arbitration proceedings will now be faster, as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
Together, we will build an India that is clean, healthy and fulfils the dream of Swaraj.
He said that he is happy that good progress has been made in this direction in the last few years.
"Sardar Patel devoted his life to uniting India.
He said that Varanasi has a lot of tourism potential and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
A Chartered Accountant can start a career in this new field by becoming an Insolvency Practitioner.
They leave a deep impression on my mind.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of Directors General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh, on 7th and 8th January.
On this occasion, I thank all the officers and men of the Coast Guard for their service to the nation.
He inaugurated the Swadesh Darshan scheme by unveiling a plaque there.
All the best and blessings to Hanaya.
It gives me immense pleasure to be among the global leaders and manufacturers of the food processing sector.
Capital expenditure in infrastructure projects has increased by 49 per cent this time compared to last year.
We are determined to do what is sustainable and green.
He said that areas near the sea can become the epicentre of our Blue Revolution.
My best wishes to all of you.
