In this very Kranti Mandir, a visual arts museum has been established.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Securities and Exchange Board of India
A framework for cooperation is also necessary to act expeditiously in cases related to consumers from other countries.
We have set a target to build capacity of 175 Giga Watt of renewable energy by the year 2022.
Today our monetary policy, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs.
I congratulate the Ecological Protection Organization, their entire team and the people of Chandrapur.
Security and defence cooperation have added growing new dimensions to our relationship.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are marked by broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
We recognize the need for urgent measures to counter and prevent the spread of terrorism, violent extremism and radicalization.
Shriman Gurbachan Singh family has presented one such example before us.
There is no shortage of talent in our country.
Our energy partnership is an important bridge in our connections.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister's name
Life moves forward depending on the condition that whatever sense of mission you have achieved and whatever is the sense of ambition that you n
He will also release the Innovation and Start-Up Policy for A&N Islands.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the awardees narrated their inspiring stories in transforming their schools into centres of learning and
It is a tremendous honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister ever to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
The industry and business in our two economies can shape attractive partnerships through the flagship programmes launched by my Government. 
We are proud to have taken numerous decisions that have furthered women empowerment.
He described tourism as an ancient concept in India, and a spiritual tradition.
He underlined the importance of a clean and vibrant River Ganga.
Your contribution is deeply valued across Sri Lanka and beyond.
You may recall that even in the recent Asian Games, India's performance was par excellence.
Ours is a society that holds teachers in very high esteem.
Speaking on this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering on the celebration of Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ay
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
I congratulate Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Jee for presenting an excellent Budget.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in
During a review of the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister underlined the Union
The Prime Minister stated that both countries have benefited in an unprecedented manner through economic engagement.
The situation is being monitored closely.
I welcome the growing ties between our parliamentarians, and between our states and Japan's prefectures.
The beautiful landscapes of Cyprus and the wide horizons of Incredible India can be a source of tourism promotion in both our
India is also the world's largest milk producer.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and make in India.
In 2016, Akshaya Patra commemorated the serving of 2 billion cumulative meals in the presence of the then President
The hospital will bring comprehensive yet affordable cancer care to patients in UP, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarak
These freedom seekers must have gone through immense torture.
In Ahmedabad in Gujarat, around 55 thousand people performed Yoga together and created a new world record.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan's deep appreciation for India's continued support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkarjee.
The Prime Minister added that these facilities will also attract tourists.
Such measures have propelled our economy into a high growth path.
As a result, more than 32000 cases were confirmed and were put on treatment.
And, what was the main focus of all these great men?
It is true that from time to time, political parties have made constructive efforts to improve the system.
The 182 metre statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary,
It has been made possible because of close cooperation between the Central Government and all the State Governments as well as all political parties.
This gallery, at 153 metres height, can accommodate up to 200 visitors at a time. 
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
Just two days ago, I wrote letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the Yoga Day.
This event is the first of its kind in South Asia.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without collateral.
Witnessing the journey that Atal Ji started, we while continuing on that very path with a renewed joy will derive great
He said that in the current financial year, States are receiving over 11 lakh crore rupees from the Centre, which repres
All these great men travelled widely in India.
Synergize your energy with the strength of India.
Under this, we offer around 700 scholarships annually to students for studying in Sri Lanka and India.
After Independence, for the first time ever, the tricolor was hoisted at Red Fort on the 75th anniversary of
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA
India exports fish and fisheries products to about 95 countries.
Bhagini Nivedita ji also helped the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
Obviously, a lot of effort will converge to make this a popular activity.
I especially thank you for your phone call.
A memorandum was received from the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not make it to the meeting in person. 
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people, on Durga Ashtami celebrations. 
Our conversation covered the full range of bilateral relations.
Under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, remarkable progress has been achieved in rural areas.
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has tweeted his prayers for all those people who are affected due to the adverse weather
But if we don 't have any confidence in our own strength and capabilities then no one will accept it.
The Prime Minister stressed that laws and Acts must be followed up by action.
Mahatma Gandhi's philosophy has inspired the whole world.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister about what teachers should tell parents who are stressed about the exams of their children, and have unre
In the course of the conversation today the Prime Minister explained India's policies in the areas of climate change and environmental sustainability.
I have always considered my engagements with you extremely useful.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned the International Solar Alliance, and the joint efforts of India and France to this cause.
Package of twelve services including free universal screening for common NCDs. 
He said the trust in the postman remains, despite the advent of modern technology.
Greetings on World Environment Day.
In a way, this is endowed with the power to transform the entire season-cycle of the country.
Now, farmers will have RuPay Debit Cards, which they can use anywhere.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn or
My effort is to take the banking system to normalcy as fast as possible in the new year.
In just 100 days since its inception over 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited.
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes.
He asked officers to come up with an action plan during the Rajasva Gyan Sangam, to eliminate pendency.
From Itanagar, PM will return to Guwahati.
Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
He said toilet construction is ending social imbalances, and becoming a means of socio-economic empowerment and women empowerment
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in sectors such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
I appreciate the Election Commission for relentlessly striving to ensure the strengthening of our democracy.
In his maiden attempt, he cracked the Entrance exam for MBBS at AIIMS, Jodhpur.
The benefits of India's success are available to our partners!
Their unwavering courage and patriotism ensured our country is safe.
Insurance companies have also been advised to pay the insurance claims of people affected by Ockhi cyclone expeditiously. 
Most of the complaints are related to issues of poor service quality, connectivity and non-functioning of landline connections.
Space technology will touch the lives of our people in the region.
Her game makes us all very proud.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia's unconditional support to India on the issue of cross border terrorism.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
An unprecedented number of countries from across the world joined hands with us.
The funds will be utilized for repair, maintenance, and strengthening of roads, highways, bridges, and other
He said that the biggest challenge for the medal winners will start now and they should never lose their goal of being on the Olympic Games podi
Anguished by the tragic accident in UP s Etah district. 
He said this would eliminate middlemen, and result in savings for the government.
Its involvement in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridors, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and High
The Prime Minister will address a public rally in Dharamshala in Kangra district.
From the point of larger scale of operations and higher value addition, an investor is also attracted by a large domestic market size, availa
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in achieving these objectives.
Whether it is the relief and rescue work or disaster management, our country is indebted to our Air Force for the commenda
He expressed confidence that the people and the State of Gujarat would emerge even stronger and successfully tackle the challenge posed by
Both leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
The enforcement of award can be refused by the Courts only as per international practices.
The two leaders will attend a public function to mark the commencement of work of India's first high-speed rail project between Ahmed
New systems are emerging.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar would spur the industrial development of Odisha, and work towards technology to improve the lives
In this context, he mentioned that all Government permits, including construction permits are being issued faster than before. 
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
They also cause undue hardship, particularly to those at the bottom of the pyramid in developing and least developed countries.
To those who are exploring, I promise you that we are committed to further refining our policies and procedures to boost Make in India
He will then arrive at the Wall of Unity, and inaugurate it.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensuring timely completion of all the projects.
Both sides noted recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
The Government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and greater prosperity.
It should try to achieve the real goal of bringing social and economic change.
He said if America becomes stronger, India will be a natural beneficiary.
Friends, in my view and in the vision of my government, the scope of Consumer Protection is very broad.
A glimpse of his life span reflects a glimpse of the whole of India.
He said the projects unveiled today would go a long way in developing sectors such as education, health, employment, skill development, transport
The meeting was attended by several Union Ministers who look after economic subjects.
The Prime Minister gave an overview of reforms undertaken in India in the recent past.
The agreement on trade remedies signed today would further strengthen our trade partnership.
He too greeted the children on Vishwakarma Jayanti, and said it is important to learn various skills.
Early every morning, Jasmer Singh used to leave for work before Rajani and her siblings woke up.
India's economic interests shall be better served by a higher number of arbitration experts and lawyers.
In the last two fiscal years, we received about 55 billion dollars as foreign direct investment.
We are also joined in shaping the international context to support our common pursuits and endeavors.
It is anchored in the belief that our people are pivotal partners in our effort to craft responsive, collective and
He will also address a public meeting.
Another noteworthy aspect of this project is that nearly one thousand women and twenty-three transgender people are being selected to work in
This will also contribute to Kochi's economic growth.
He also mentioned that sports helps in developing personality, building confidence, and in overall development.
Reiterating his strong stance against corruption, PM said that his Government is committed to eliminating middlemen and corruption.
New AIIMS are being opened in various states with a view to providing better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
Our armed forces have consistently displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
The MoU was concluded in July, 2017.
The Government has undertaken a range of transformational initiatives.
These experiences will enrich your lives.
He offered prayers at Sree PadmanabhaSwamy Temple.
Bharat Net is targeted at providing last mile internet connectivity in the country.
It will add tremendous strength to our strategic defense.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India have been centers for the spread of social reform.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled their last meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar to lead a life of discipline and development.
Towards this end, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
Her fortitude in the face of adversity and steadfast opposition to colonialism will never be forgotten.
My dear countrymen, I am not a yoga teacher.
He will also dedicate to Nation the West-North Inter-Region Power Transmission Strengthening Project to ensure uninter
To this end, they decided to strengthen the Closer Development Partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, in pursuit of
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
I would like to mention the arduous endeavors of the NDRF daredevils.
This year, Neelakurinji is in full bloom on the hills of Southern Nilgiri like the Ashok Chakra (the
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme is going to transform the health sector.
UAE is one of our most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
The Prime Minister also extended his wishes to the people of Andhra Pradesh.
Shri Narendra Modi referred to the various projects in the power, road and other infrastructure sectors, which have made significant progress, and brought
The Committee lauded PMs initiatives to make the government cleaner through anti-corruption measures and demonetization.
He interacted with jawans from the ITBP and the Indian Army, and offered sweets to them.
Hence, it is the government's endeavour to ensure affordable healthcare to every citizen.
You should participate in this initiative and especially I urge you to make your children witness these campaigns.
I now turn specifically, to food processing.
Thank you, Nandri.
The second edition of Samvad - Global Initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environmental Consciousness, is
With this new practice of people participation, our efforts to take the country forward with people involvement will help us to reach our goal.
I salute all the brave people from the depths of my heart.
PM inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development at Patna.
The Prime Minister explained in detail about the benefits of PM-SYM.
The Treaty would provide a legal framework for seeking extradition of terrorists, economic offenders and other criminals from and to
Ayushman Bharat will provide immense investment opportunities in the areas of health infrastructure, medical equipment manufacturing, and healthcare services
Each one should nurture dreams for the next Olympics.
Just on seeing these pictures, your disappointment will turn into hope.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and hard work of our farmers, for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
Sometimes there is a story of an innovation to bring about cleanliness or winds of change that get ushered due to an official
Businesses seek assurance of the prevalence of rule of law in the Indian market.
Even in our ancient scriptures, this importance of personal hygiene is captured.
Indian women have played a leading role in peace keeping efforts.
Leading this effort, the Prime Minister shared through social media, a special video, featuring his appeal to the people to send
We are celebrating this Independence Day in a positive atmosphere amid such a positive chain of events.
As reported by the Swiss Bank Authorities, the black money deposits of Indian Nationals have hit an all time low. 
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains of Himalayas or it is desert area sung by sunlight, Yoga is flour
We need to change this mindset.
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
The Prime Minister will turn a page of the Bhagwad Gita to mark its official opening.
The Centre would be supportive of steps taken by the State Government.
He said that under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poor in cities and villag
Our bilateral trade is more than $10 billion.
He said a comprehensive approach is being adopted for education, under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
The Prime Minister said that the efforts of the Government have led to India emerging as a bright spot in the global economy.
For mapping risks related to hazards such as earthquakes we have widely accepted standards and parameters.
The interaction covered over one crore women representing various Self Help Groups.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking forward the mission of Swacchh Bharat.
Your work is like that of an interface between the government and the tax-paying companies and individuals.
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfers for 59 different schemes.
Rani Lakshmibai is a source of inspiration for every Indian.
I am happy to be part of the inauguration ceremony of Kochi Metro.
He said dynamic change is needed to transform the system.
He said today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but also the country that is eradicating poverty the
All of these offer unprecedented opportunities for Japanese industry.
He said that the common man and the trader must benefit from this path breaking decision.
It was in the month of June 2015 that I had the opportunity to welcome you to India.
He added that the Government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
The Prime Minister said that this gathering today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
As fellow democracies, India and the ROK have shared values and a shared vision for regional and global peace.
The size and scale of demand in India gives the added advantage of economies of scale for investors.
Even this year, we should try to organize Run for Unity in our village, town, city or metropolis.
An average of Rs 32,000 crore has been spent besides the MNREGA budget every year on water conservation and water management.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, F
I would particularly urge my young friends to join tomorrow's interaction.
AIIB started its financing operations in January 2016.
I would like to share the positive outcome of the budget session.
Applauding the various social initiatives carried out by the Dawoodi Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that various efforts are being taken
The agreement that was exchanged just now has institutionalized this understanding.
I pray for a speedy recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
He said that with the Statue of Unity, India has given itself today, a towering inspiration for the future.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
He is also remembered for his work in the education sector, and other social causes.
The Russian Side expressed its interest in participating in the international competitive bidding as and when the Ministry of Railways of India decides
One of the focal points of ParikshaPeCharcha was that there were lively interactions on various topics related to the entire
Now, we have come up with a law against Benami Property.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day.
This will also promote the production of high quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
Apart from farming, they can earn money by selling power generated through solar farming.
A meagre tea vendor; today you will be surprised to know that the lives of more than 70 children are being enlightened
(i) Non-communicable diseases, including child cardiovascular diseases and cancer;
The price of cooking gas is also determined by the market.
My dear countrymen, namaskar!
The bridge will enhance connectivity and greatly reduce travel time between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
Consumers are also being made aware through the Jago Grahak Jago campaign. 
We are now in the information age.
Food processing is a way of life in India.
Now, we have taken some more decisions in the interest of farmers.
Friends, Yoga has shown the path of wellness to the world from the path of illness.
The MoU is intended to promote innovation, creativity and economic growth in both countries.
Tomorrow, I will travel to Haifa to pay homage to our brave Indian soldiers.
He also addressed a public meeting at Luwangsangbam. 
I extend congratulations on behalf of the entire nation to the entire team and support staff.
In this context, he mentioned initiatives taken by the Government such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Swachh
In the fourth quarter of 2017, we grew at 7.7 percent.
Today, Jan Dhan Yojana completes 3 years.
India's test was not only successful but in a way, India had demonstrated its power in the field of science and technology.
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential of the North-East.
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on the theme Technology and rural life.
Shri Gobind Singh Ji believed that the biggest service is to alleviate human suffering.
In addition, I look forward to engaging with leaders of nine other countries, including BRICS partners, in an Emerging Markets
Brothers and sisters, therefore it is extremely essential to create confidence in the minds of the common man by eliminating the deformities
The airport has been retrofitted and new terminal constructed for making it fit for commercial operations under UDAN scheme.
It is our responsibility to further develop the understanding of Yoga for a healthy and happy humanity.
We will build an India together, where there will be no place for nepotism and corruption.
Major international financial institutions like the World Bank and the IMF as well as agencies like Moody's have expressed confidence in India's
He added that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the streams of Jan Bhagidari (public participation) and Jan Andolan (
Together we will build such an India that will be free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
We have over 300 million middle class consumers.
While new laws have been formulated, older laws have been made more stringent now.
The proposed Bill will ensure that the nomination of workers' representatives in tripartite bodies by the government will become more transparent.
Prime Minister Modi said that Defence Cooperation is a key pillar of the relationship between India and Japan.
In our path of sustained high growth, and all around development, India counts Israel among its important partners, the Prime Minister said
Bilateral meetings with participating countries on the sidelines of BRICS meetings are also planned.
He was the first Indian who set on a global voyage in a small boat without any modern technology.
Excellency, we commend your vision and leadership for taking your country out of this crisis and on the path of economic prosperity.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eliminate leprosy from this country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a
He said this indicates India's quest for global benchmarks.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking active steps to improve your living conditions, including a 5-year National Plan of Action.
The time has come for this to be seriously considered and debated.
More than 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts on cooking gas alone. 
• If the law of the land is working, then we must join hands to ward off the challenge from those who try to save themselves by
He commended their dedication towards education and for making it their life mantra.
Usually they were built on a vast area of land, and often away from the residential areas.
At this moment of hardship and agony, their service stands out as a shining example.
PM interacted with the college students from different parts of the country on this occasion.
Our economic ties continue to follow an upward trajectory.
Friends, this is a first of its kind conference in this part of the world.
The Prime Minister said that this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of the people of our country for the cause of freedom.
PM will also declare 100% household electrification in Arunachal Pradesh under Saubhagya Scheme.
The Prime Minister mentioned the plans to expand the healthcare infrastructure, road network, and oil and gas pipeline infrastructure in the State. 
They sent 104 satellites into space, through a single rocket launch.
His slogan Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan is the hallmark of his grand personality. 
When all parties work together in the larger nation interest, positive outcomes and results emerge.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it was indeed significant that the junior and senior officers are spending so much time
They shared their perspectives on the long shared history and maritime links between the two countries.
He mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail, and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had hoisted the
A clean and healthy India will spell a prosperous India too.
You are the leader of a great nation.
They reiterate the important role of the United Nations, including the High Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development, in coordinating and
In this context, the Prime Minister also spoke of initiatives in air connectivity and water connectivity.
Their contributions are deeply valued both in India and in UAE.
This award would be given for outstanding efforts to further national integration.
They also have unique strengths and insights.
Even people have started exchanging Khadi items as gifts.
World Environment Day seeks to address a very significant challenge this year.
The Prime Minister said that it is not enough to rest on past laurels, but it is also important to adapt to emerging challenges
36 white industries have been taken out of the requirement of environmental clearance.
The Prime Minister said GST would lead to a modern tax administration which is simpler, more transparent, and helps curb corruption.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Anjar.
The Prime Minister said that if man does not nurture nature, then nature reacts in the form of climate change.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister asserted that development is the best answer to all kinds of violence.
He urged the members to raise awareness among the community about their rights.
By practicing Yoga, a spirit of oneness is created  oneness of mind, body and intellect. 
Her cool approach to the game will surely help the entire team.
He also stated that within the next two weeks, the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) for sugarcane for the sugar
He will unveil the plaque to mark the serving of 3rd billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrinda
We have moved towards digital platforms in fuel retail and payments.
India has achieved a rating upgrade after a long wait.
With the same spirit, I had started a similar movement by name of VANCHE GUJARAT when I was Chief Minister of
The energy intensity of economies will change with focus on green energy and energy efficiency.
He visited the Museum and Exhibition, and the Viewers' Gallery.
The sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals.
The 1.25 billion people of India are keen to welcome the ASEAN Leaders as our Chief Guests at India's 69th Republic Day
The songs and music of Bhupen Hazarika are admired by people across generations.
Here, on this occasion, I especially want to inform colleagues from other countries about the Give-it-up campaign.
Bhagini Nivedita ji revived the dignity and pride of Indian culture.
The Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
Through Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Pariyojna, training has been given to over 33 lakh women farmers.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
He added that it also creates trust among the common people, which is the key to New India.
The review meeting, which lasted for nearly two hours, was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related Ministries, NITI A
They invest their lifetime savings only on the basis of just one signature of yours.
In India, if we compare the impact of cyclone events in 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress we have made.
The Air Force also retaliated appropriately in 1965.
They expressed confidence that strong India-US partnership will continue to be an important factor for global peace and prosperity.
130 crore Indian will give a befitting reply to any such act or attack.
A law was passed in 2015 on disclosure of foreign bank accounts.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
Student organisations, while campaigning for university elections should give more importance to cleanliness, the Prime Minister said. 
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban
Last year, to boost our capital and investment links, we have revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
Health and Wellness Centers is one of the vital components of Ayushman Bharat in ensuring Universal Health Coverage.
There was a time in the past when some products from India had achieved a global reputation.
Under the aegis of this campaign, separate programmes on village development, poverty alleviation and social justice will be held across India.
You must have seen how within a hundred hours of the attack, retributive action was accomplished.
Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Vijay Rupani;
We have set up a Chair for Indian Studies in University of Lisbon.
We need to fully harness these strengths.
This is in line with our mutual desire for a strengthened strategic partnership.
And, recorded one of the highest growth rates in the Eurozone in 2016.
He made unwavering efforts towards serving the post-partition refugees in Delhi.
Savings of fuel due to elimination of delays at State border crossings will help the environment as well, he added.
Yoga is a guarantee of both fitness and wellness.
This too was an act of valor on the part of our soldiers on the path to peace.
Her achievement is all the more special because she has made the imposing challenges in her life the key to her success.
We remember with great pride all the sacrifices made by our army.
If anyone thinks that not going to a place will prolong their CM tenure and visiting a place will cut it, such a person does
The government has stressed on bringing more foreign investment into the country.
They underlined the importance of pluralism, democracy and rule of law as key values for achieving peaceful coexistence.
He recalled India's commitment to generate 175 GigaWatt of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing of Kalaignar Karunanidhi.
My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
No new funds have been approved.
Peacekeeping operation is not an easy task.
Foreign Direct Investment in India was at the highest level in 2015-16, at a time when global FDI has fallen. 
In our effort to build disaster resilience, we stand shoulder to shoulder with all the nations of the region.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of preserving the spirit of the cooperative movement, which he said is still largely intact
We salute the valour of those who were martyred during the dastardly attack on our Parliament on this day in 2001.
It gets inspiration through the teachings of Truth from Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
My dear countrymen, we will celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti on the 4th of November.
The sides agreed to make efforts to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on priority.
He ensured that millions of Indians were brought under the ambition of one nation and one constitution.
Their husbands laid down their lives in the service of mother India.
Kochi was selected as a Smart City in Round One of the challenge process in January 2016. 
The sportspersons had called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House, New Delhi.
Our cultural engagement is expanding.
During the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management.
He popularized India's music traditions globally.
We agreed to sustain the momentum of our relations in key areas, including energy and investments.
Your surroundings too must be full of such inspiring happenings.
Today, we remember and salute that spirit.
Historically temples have played a key role in our societies.
A single-window facilitation cell provides handholding for foreign investors.
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara will also be inaugurated by PM.
This metro project has several significant features.
Banks have also been asked to increase working capital loans from 20 per cent of turnover to 30 per cent, for enterprises that transa
India and Russia regard the establishment of the multipolar global order in international relations as a reflection of the natural and inevitable process of
Both sides aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable
The movement targeted the young generation, in particular.
On World Toilet Day we reaffirm our commitment towards improving sanitation facilities across our nation.
Skill India aims to ensure that new entrants to the workforce have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
They have taken this campaign in a religious manner.
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers. 
By removing physical barriers at state boundaries, GST will accelerate long haul transport and further increase efficiency.
Our ancestors have lived this way of life for centuries together.
In a couple of days, we will observe the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
He also explained how Government schemes and initiatives are all aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
This is a good start.
Outcome of the Budget Session
Whenever there will be reference to Hockey, the story will remain incomplete without a mention of these legends.
The Prime Minister said that the Conference has now become more relevant, in the context of challenges and responsibilities facing the country. 
And if we impart knowledge about nature to our children then in the future they may prove very useful in protecting the environment.
PM will lay the foundation stone of Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
This is a new avenue opened by the government for you people.
My heartfelt condolences to the families who have lost their loved ones in this hour of grief.
Mentioning the Atal Incubation Centre that was inaugurated today, he said that startups are already beginning to get
Some listeners send photo graphs of the efforts undertaken by children while others mention the role of youth in these efforts. 
The Union Government had decided to celebrate 7th March 2019 as Jan Aushadhi Diwas across India, for creating awareness and
This Act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls.
With this launch we have started a journey to build the most advanced frontier of our partnership.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am delighted to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in upcountry
It seems to become a matter of life and death.
We should follow the spirit of helping the poor to be able to light a Diwali lamp.
Attempts were even made to reduce the faith that Indians had in them, he added.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
We have full faith in the bravery and valour of our security forces.
The Prime Minister quoted the writer Ramvriksha Benipuri, and the poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to describe the mood
Once again, my best wishes to all of you on the occasion of Ramnavami.
He also said that our Armed Forces conduct an average of ten big joint exercises with the Armed Forces of friendly countries
The economic and social benefits of metro rail systems are well known.
India's development needs are huge and substantial.
Oil ministers from developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
A well-read population will help India excel globally.
Greetings and best wishes to Central Industrial Security Force on their Raising Day.
In the course of the presentation made by CEO NITI Aayog, it was noted that remarkable progress has been made in several
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification, through inf
We favour the same approaches to ensuring peace and security and shaping a global architecture that reflects cultural and civilization diversity
They underlined the importance of reforming multilateral financial and political institutions to make them representative and responsive to the needs of developing
He said India believes that the world is one family, and is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
At the event, there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
This year will see the first ever Tri-services exercise INDRA 2017.
Let me begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for organizing this global conference.
In this Town Hall programme, I had the opportunity to talk to crores of students from India and abroad, and also with their parents
He unveiled a Road Map for overall development of tribals during the next five years.
This will not only improve our refining and processing efficiencies but also ensure timely and efficient project completion.
He added that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world's biggest people
The whole country was worried about saving Tomy.
I extend my best wishes to all countrymen for these festivals.
These shortcuts become the reason for using unfair means.
Two days later, we will celebrate the birth anniversary of Shastriji along with the respected Bapus birth anniversary
They have laid down their lives for the country.
We get the mantra to enable the society to fight against blind faith through devotion and bhakti.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of cohesion in the European Union, and its significance as a force of stability in the
This is the identity of your Dynamic Course and the credibility of exams.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
Positive change has always found space in our country.
He said that in the last three years, the Union Government in India has focused on improving the quality of life of the people.
Rural road connectivity is now 90%.
Heartiest greetings to all fellow citizens on this auspicious occasion.
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
New India is not possible without a New Tamil Nadu.
In a fitting reply to those who made a mockery of PM's announcement of Swachta Abhiyan from
In addition to Kathmandu, I am also looking forward to visiting Janakpur and Muktinath. 
I wish Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation a memorable stay in India.
Electricity reached every village of the country this year.
We also exchanged perspectives on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
Most of the sectors of our economy are now only open for FDI.
The foundation stone of roads under central road fund (CRF) will be laid through the press of button.
May the injured recover quickly.
Our resolve is to build an India which provides all the opportunities for the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
He also encouraged the jawans to innovate, so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
He stressed that growth and development of Jammu and Kashmir is high on his agenda.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he feels a special energy in the environment from this mass chanting.
It will lead to promotion and propagation of Traditional Systems of Medicines of India in Colombia.
My dear countrymen, Ganesh Utsav is drawing near.
The ten questions in the Survey are as follows:
India has a robust strategic partnership with all three countries.
My mind is filled with memories of working with M Venkaiah Naidu Garu, in the Party & Government.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of minority welfare schemes under the Union Government.
Thus the gems and jewellery sector is a prime example of the potential of Make In India and Skill India
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar's words, that we should make our political democracy, a social democracy as well
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank's name.
In fact, 1.25 billion people in India have the same affection for the Japanese people.
These operations have been carried out in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan and many other parts
More than 90 per cent of the FDI approvals have been put on automatic route.
All this will affect energy demand.
It is a time for praying to Ma Durga.
Strong people-to-people contacts and the presence of a large Indian Diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for the
He laid the foundation stone for pipeline and road projects.
The areas of cooperation on Youth matters include exchanges of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in charge of youth policy-
14. Security of the country is our priority.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
He added that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
He is among the best orators our nation has produced, the Prime Minister added.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done significant work over the course of the last 150 years
On behalf of all countrymen, I wish her a bright future.
It was during his tenure that the timing of presenting the budget was changed.
Indian soldiers showed it to the world that they are second to none when it comes to war.
Together, they contribute to creating a more interconnected and diverse world.
Key Features of the tunnel 
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
He said this decision would unlock huge amounts of money for development of the mineral rich districts.
The grid is part of Government's plan to provide cheap and quality gas to the entire North East Region.
He also added that India believes that a strong America is good for the world.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the citizens on National Voters Day.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
Recognition of Trade Unions at Central/State level would reduce duplicacy of such exercise by different departments. 
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle became a mass movement due to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi. 
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
We do not want to spend ten years in discussions without any tangible outcomes.
In this context, I extend my hearty greetings to the F.S.S.A.I. for this initiative
You can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this October to March
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
We regard thriving two-way trade and investment flows as the foundation of a strong partnership.
He recalled that Indian soldiers had played a key role in the liberation of Haifa during the first world war.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the health care needs of the region.
I bow to the venerable Loknayak JP on his Jayanti.
Within hours, the video has generated tremendous interest on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook. 
The memorial also has 24-narrative murals depicting various events and stories from the historic 1930 Salt March. 
They appreciated the Prime Minister's stand on the issue of Triple Talaq.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister noted that the Assistant Secretaries programme offers the junior-most and senior-most
I am also keen to interact with the Indian Community in Portugal during the visit, the Prime Minister said.
Besides, the government's thinking would also be reflected.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
Over a thousand archaic laws have been scrapped.
Among the projects inaugurated are the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Puraani Kashi; and an Atal
The Prime Minister also noted that Bhuj would get a modern bus port, like other cities in Gujarat. 
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to ensure speedy disposal of commercial matters.
Cars made in India by a Japanese car maker are already selling in Japan. 
Leaving home for the first time, moving out of one's village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of
And I am fully aware of the fact that eliminating fake companies and taking action against black money can be politically incorrect and pose a
We will build together such an India, which will be clean, healthy and fulfill the dream of self-rule (Swaraj
The strength of the India-USA strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
Khadi and handloom have transformed the lives of the poorest of the poor and are emerging as a powerful means of em
He also spoke of the work being done towards cleanliness and enhancing the visual appeal of the city.
It was distressing to see the suffering of the affected people.
The Indian Side conveyed its intention to increase the import of fertilizers from Russia.
A number of important bills beneficial to the youth and the backward classes were passed during this session.
This spirit of attachment towards the country and fellow countrymen was deeply ingrained in that great person of a very short
A high level Russian delegation would visit India to organize investment road-shows and promote greater Indian investments in the Far East.
After unveiling a plaque to mark the inauguration, the Prime Minister travelled, and walked on the bridge for a few
First, all development sectors must embrace the principles of disaster risk management.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Kochi Metro, and travelled briefly on the new metro
The train is expected to significantly reduce travel time between the two cities.
Hence it is fitting that Kochi should have a Metro rail facility.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
His demise is agonizing.
He described the Constitution as the very soul of our democratic structure.
He credited him with ending the superstition associated with Noida, by coming to this city.
The background.
That is why the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government, he added.
PM will release a synopsis of the Green Rameswaram Project.
He mentioned the various other projects, including roads, and projects related to Namaami Gange, which were inaugurated, or for
You celebrate Indian festivals as your own.
He said farmers and scientists have to work together to transform agriculture.
But we have reduced our democracy to mere ballot boxes.
On behalf of the people and the farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada, the Prime
The Prime Minister also congratulated all those who were associated with this remarkable feat.
He encouraged them to share and write about their unique experiences during the journey.
We have shaped an ambitious roadmap of engagement to make our comprehensive strategic partnership purposeful and action oriented
He said that along with Varanasi, the entire country is now witnessing how the vision of Next Gen Infrastructure can transform
Exams in themselves, should be a joyous occasion.
The MOU will help the Academy to disseminate some of its experience in running a training institution for higher civil services in the country to
This mammoth effort of bringing about cleanliness is a wonderful example of fostering aesthetics, cooperation and continuum.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institution for Transforming India (N
The Prime Minister further said that adequate capital, courage and connecting with people are required for excellence in the start-up sector.
33 cities of Tamil Nadu have been included in the Amrit Mission.
It also provides for getting the name of the company struck off from the Registrar of Companies after setting balance liabilities of TS
The Prime Minister said that the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare for the poor.
These are some questions that I wish to leave you with.
Who doesn't know the sense of adventure?
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of sewerage network project for the western part of Agra. under AMRUT scheme
This multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives.
We have also done well in the field of wildlife conservation.
I have spoken to CM Pema Khandu of Arunachal Pradesh and other officials both in Delhi and the states on the
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means to grow and prosper.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir's birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
It has resulted in much greater level of engagement of the Japanese industry with the Indian economy. 
He said projects worth Rs 12 lakh crore have been speeded up in this way.
Through Make in India we are offering a platform to Global Companies to produce in India and to make better use of our huge human reso
The Prime Minister spoke of cooperation between India and Israel for innovation in areas such as food, water, health and energy.
He said the effort is to showcase India's glorious past, and vibrant future.
He said the Government aims to double the income of farmers by 2022.
Come 2019, we are going to celebrate the 550th Prakash VARSH of Guru Nanak Dev ji.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for the condolences and the offer of assistance.
India's per capita income has doubled in the last ten years.
He emphasized that the poor must have access to quality and affordable healthcare.
Congrats to ISRO for the successful launch of GSAT-11, which is the heaviest, largest and most advanced high throughput
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
Our United Payments Interface system or UPI along with BHIM App and RuPay Card has shown the true potential of digital economy
We have taken decisive steps and built a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
He was an effective voice for Karnataka's aspirations in Delhi.
This number is expected to double in the next ten years.
The gems and jewellery sector employs 4.6 million people.
The passenger capacity in the aviation sector has reached 282 million passengers per annum. 
Strategic Engagement 
Today, also, one Japanese township has been announced.
He recalled that during Mann Ki Baat in December 2017, he had called for the organisation of Mock Parliaments in the distric
Sports are considered a waste of time in our society.
The Prime Minister spoke at length about how the Union Government is working for the welfare of the farmers.
He said the development projects being inaugurated today augur well for the cooperative sector.
100 percent neem coating of Urea has also resulted in lowering expenditure on fertilizer, apart from raising productivity
If we talk about the three years of this government, then more than 22,000 megawatts of renewable energy capacity has been connected
Given global uncertainties, India also needs energy security.
• Its footprint that extends all over South Asia.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation for our first ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
The element of Unity in diversity being India's specialty comes naturally to us.
Now, we are a globally integrated economy.
He said this constructive atmosphere should be used to move rapidly towards the creation of New India.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men belong to our land.
The first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness.
We are here today to act on the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
The two leaders agreed that as two major countries and emerging economies, India and China, given their vast developmental experiences and national capac
Biofuels can help reduce import dependence on crude oil. 
I once again bow paying my obeisance to Shri Guru Gobind Singh ji.
The unique festival Chhath Pooja is deeply linked with nature & worshiping nature.
Best wishes.
He said that more than 65 AYUSH hospitals have been developed in the last three years.
More than forty countries have sent their official delegations as well.
These initiatives have resulted in 42 - place jump in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last four years, he added
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister will perform a special prayer.
The Japanese people have led the world in sustainable development.
In this context, he also recalled his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka this morning.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and prosperous nation.
Exhibition on Futuristic Technologies and Space Exploration which offers a vision of the future of space travel.
Cyprus is the eighth largest investor in India.
Guru Nanak Dev ji is not only the first guru of Sikhs; he is the guru to the whole world.
President Temer's visit will open up new areas for cooperation with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
However, legal reforms can deliver the desired results only when there is an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism.
I would also visit some places of worship that have civilizational links with India.
Our festivals, impart to us many social values.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy.
As to date, integration of datasets of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries has been achieved on this Portal.
And shape our partnership and engagement in a way that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans,
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than other major economies.
The MOU on proposed development of a fertiliser plant in Malaysia and off-take of surplus urea from Malaysia to India is
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level.
This is an area that India needs to improve upon to remain competitive.
This will be the fourth Annual Summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
This is a reflection of our commitment to provide houses to the poor, to the middle class.
Ambassador Haley conveyed greetings from President Trump.
He said that developing a close rapport with people, is one of the keys to achieving success in their tasks and objectives.
Your Highness, I warmly recall our earlier meetings in August 2015, and in February last year.
Savarkaralong with his band of brave hearts celebrated the 50th anniversary of the First War of Independence with great fan
He thanked all the people who had property around the temple, and have allowed its acquisition for the project.
And, it is a particular pleasure to jointly inaugurate this Conference with our friend and partner, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you some recent, remarkable achievements of our scientists in India.
Shri Modi said that the young athletes should inspire youngsters in their schools and villages to take up sports. 
The Prime Minister said that if India wants to make a place for itself in global trade, it should have the best of arrangements in the port
We need to ensure that we build it to the best available standards of disaster safety. 
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is linked to
The Prime Ministers agreed that a strong partnership can help spur innovation, economic growth, sustainable solutions and mutually beneficial trade and invest
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
Our bilateral defense cooperation is built on strong mutual trust.
India is also progressing rapidly on the Global Innovation Index, Global Logistics Index and Global Competitiveness Index.
Peoples power is, in a way, considered to be a divine incarnation.
The Prime Minister said that the effort is to undertake development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
He mentioned that these initiatives are changing the lives of ordinary people.
In case of a fast track procedure, such award can be given in 6 months.
It gets its wings from our democratic traditions, emphasis on both wealth and value creation, a robust sense of enterprise
A warm welcome and best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
That is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received.
Women beneficiaries also explained how Self Help Groups have ushered in a positive change in their lives.
A single game is known by distinct names in different places.
My dear countrymen, in our country, there is a Neelakurinji flower which blooms once every 12 years.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Antonio Costa today jointly visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon. 
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
And it is the duty of all countrymen to keep our historical heritage safe and clean.
I will be meeting with President Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickremesinghe and other eminent dignitaries.
The Prime Minister said that today, the life of a sportsperson can span several decades.
Recognizing the greetings of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed his happiness that they had gathered from all parts
Therefore the use of new technology in house construction would have added advantage, if tried in India.
Yoga is a code to connect people with life, and to reconnect mankind with nature.
Just recently I had two memorable meetings.
He underlined the fact that the project got final sanction in January 2015 and now it has seen the light of day. 
In this context, let me outline a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction:
I congratulate these young friends and members of the school in Chandrapur, from the core of my heart.
It provides a framework and enabling environment to understand each other's strengths, market, technologies, policies, etc.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders to build a coalition or centre for promoting disaster resilient infrastructure in
This year in July, we have implemented the highly complex task of migrating to a uniform Goods and Services Tax for the whole country
In August 2016 strict rules were put in place to curtail benami transactions.
No civil society can tolerate any kind of injustice towards the woman-power of the country.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary. 
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the programme as an illustration of Indian traditions.
Replace Tai Khamti instead of Khampti at serial No. 6.
The Prime Minister said, Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected Vice President of India.
He announced an immediate additional assistance of Rs 500 crore under the SDRF.
PM addressed a public gathering after launching the projects. 
He quoted Chanakya to say that hard work can overcome all obstacles and help us achieve even the most difficult of objectives.
PM distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He said that he has been told that in the 13th century, the Indian Sufi Saint Baba Farid had come to Jerusalem, and
He praised Prime Minister Abe for the fact that this project is being launched within such a short time.
This has freed rural women from the misery of poisonous smoke.
He said the new format of the Conference has resulted in a marked improvement in the quality of discussions.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
In disaster after disaster, affected people are using social media to help each other. 
Our domestic market has been fragmented.
Joint Ventures for the production of Kamov 226 helicopters and frigates were also mentioned.
The sides agreed to explore opportunities of joint collaboration in precious metals, minerals, natural resources and forest products, including tim
The Prime Minister appreciated the State Government, and all other agencies for the response to the flood situation so far.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue
Our past has always been harmoniously interwoven.
I have also said earlier that the combination of your hardware and our software is a fantastic combination.
The Prime Minister said that besides the National War Memorial, the National Police Memorial has also been established.
The Prime Minister offered his deepest condolences on his behalf and on behalf of the people of India on the loss of precious lives
His work will continue to draw people towards the joys of Sufi music.
Government of India has made a successful effort to clean up the Ganga and involve the people for this project with the cooperation of five State
The dedication of these doctor friends engaged in selfless service is truly worthy of praise.
The interaction will provide an opportunity to hear directly from the farmers.
This is the change.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to take advantage of the fourth Industrial Revolution.
This in itself is a great example of the changing ecosystem.
PM will also lay the foundation stone for the construction of Northern Regional Centre Campus of Indian Institute of Mass Communication at Jammu through the
The molecular oncology department of the institute was designated a Centre of Excellence in 2007 by the Union Government.
13. Information and communication to citizens on hygiene and food safety and healthy eating habits; and
Just a while ago, 16-year-old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to scale Everest from the Nepal side.
It will also enable assistance in collection of tax revenue claims between both countries.
He recalled the felicitation of Indian soldiers by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year.
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister. 
The projects reviewed today include the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, and construction of four new AIIMS at Manglagiri in
I am delighted to visit this great country once again.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate Agreement as a shared heritage of the whole world, and this generation's contribution to the hope
16 year old player Tabaabi Devi hails from a village in Manipur. 
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is necessary for development today.
Our most beloved leader, Shri AtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said
The Prime Minister said that the next step in this movement of Swachhta should be conversion of waste to wealth.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event to mark the Centenary Celebrations of Karnatak
And for that you also have to take tough steps.
12. Research and training of food industry operators;
The resulting expansion of healthcare facilities will lead to the creation of a large number of jobs.
During Diwali, Khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise. 
Such Mock Parliaments will further the spirit of discussion among our youth, he added.
Last year, almost three and a half crore people have benefited from this.
My dear brothers and sisters, we celebrated the Infantry Day yesterday.
He said the Ardh-Kumbh would show how New India encompasses both heritage and modernity.
v) Hospital twinning for exchange of good practices;
The theme of IEF-16 is The Future of Global Energy Security.
They noted with great concern the growing threat of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
We wish to build land, sea and air connectivity to this dynamic region.
I assure you of all possible support from the Government.
We look forward to our continued engagement with our development partners including AIIB.
Kochi ranks first in the total number of international and domestic tourist arrivals in Kerala. 
Beneficiaries also talked about how reduced prices of heart stent and knee transplants have changed their lives.
The Prime Minister has been in constant contact with the Chief Minister regarding the flood situation.
The Prime Minister said that the postman has long been a respected and accepted person in the villages.
He also distributed the PM-SYM pension cards to select beneficiaries.
He will inaugurate the collective e-grihapravesh of twenty five thousand beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri AwasY
State Governments must act tough on those inciting violence in the name of cow protection.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands on 29th-30th December 2018.
The Sides noted the importance of cooperation in the area of transport education, personnel training and scientific support in the implementation of international transport corrid
The Prime Minister said that an unclean environment, if not cleaned, leads to a situation where one starts accepting circumstances.
Indian youths have distinguished themselves due to their futuristic and out-of-the-box thinking.
He stressed on women empowerment and respect for women.
Until August 2017, Indian soldiers had lent their services in about 50 of the total of 71 peacekeeping operations undertaken by the
As I am talking to you today, the holy month of Ramadan has already begun.
This is not only the highest ever FDI but also the highest growth in FDI in India.
18. Will integrate with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
First, the cost of 850 essential medicines were regulated and the prices of heart stent and equipment for knee surgery were reduced.
It is, therefore, surprising for me to know that there had never been a bilateral visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Portugal.
The Prime Minister said that schemes like Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India, are helping in greater financial
And therefore this burden of yearning for marks prevents us sometimes from going in the right direction.
A number of conventions and seminars have been organized on various topics.
He said that a national strategy for creating a robust infrastructure for research in Artificial Intelligence has been prepared a few months ago.
This was a war in which India was not directly involved yet our soldiers fought over the world, just for the cause of peace.
10 days ago, Mother India had to bear the loss of many of her brave sons.
Our people to people ties and exchanges, as always, provide the foundation of our ties of friendship.
The Prime Minister said the common man could relate to Adi Shankara's composition Soundarya Lahari.
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
He called on the people of Pakistan to tell their rulers to fight corruption and fake notes.
In order to convey his ideals, Guru Nanak Dev ji composed the Gurbani.
A series of Yoga related events are being organized across the world to mark the occasion.
Today, in the twenty-second meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related
This will provide a benefit cover of over 7000 dollars annually to more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
He said almost all villages along the banks of the River Ganga have now become open defecation free.
He said the National Highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
He says that during exams, parents have a vital role to play.
The Prime Minister asserted that nations cannot progress unless they value and cherish their history and heritage.
In this, India can be a valuable partner.
You see, if all the people of one state will do this, then I will ask the government to do a scrutiny of it
After hockey, good news for India also came in badminton.
Our brave soldiers have laid down their lives.
As per UNCTAD's World Investment Report, India continues to be one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
In the beginning of this year, she was honoured with a Padma Shri.
We can certainly consider them if they are in the interest of our country.
I would like to thank the Chief Minister, Siddharamaih ji, and his entire government for their assistance and efforts in organizing
The Prime Minister encouraged the young officers to take the best of the experiences they would have had, during their attachment to various Minist
The Bishnoi community in the desert land of Rajasthan has shown us a way of environmental protection.
Even today, India is one of the largest contributors to various United Nations Peacekeeping Forces in terms of sending forces personnel.
Foreign investors have made record investments in India today.
Under the Comprehensive Primary Health Care aspect of Ayushman Bharat, we will provide preventive and curative services at
Similarly, when you are strong as a nation, you can be at peace with others.
The Prime Minister said that India should showcase its great heritage with pride and confidence to the world.
He will join in the celebrations to mark one year of the State Government.
The MoU was signed on 6th January, 2017 in New Delhi.
He noted that the prize is being conferred at a time when India marks the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. 
He also called on the University to work towards overall development of these 100 villages.
As a veteran Parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
He appreciated the people of the Nicobar Islands for their spirit and hard work in rebuilding the islands after the tsunami.
I would like to see such a reading and library movement in the whole country.
An enabling alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
Our two countries share vibrant and growing people to people ties.
Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
I am delighted that the younger generation is taking an interest in learning about our history, about our freedom fighters and about
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
We are clearing loans up to Rs one crore in 59 minutes.
India has always been resolutely committed to peace.
A boost to the rural economy through this revolution will make the Indian economy even more robust.
He called upon all present, to work towards 100 percent sanitation coverage by October 2, 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma
On the contrary, if one cleans up dirt in the surroundings, he gets energized, and then does not resign
The Prime Minister said that 1.5 lakh Health and Wellness Centres are being constructed under Ayushman Bharat.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for rolling stock and signalling systems of metro rail.
In Port Blair, he laid a wreath at the Martyrs Column, and visited the Cellular Jail.
Have you observed the way I have frequently used terms such as "the best ever" or "new, unprecedented
Once inaugurated this facility will deliver 15% of the total gas produced in Assam.
The Prime Minister assured the athletes that the Government would provide them with adequate support and facilities.
101 of these satellites were owned by countries such as USA, Israel, Switzerland, Netherlands, Kazakhstan and UAE.
Science and technology.
A grateful nation salutes our brave air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
First of all, I congratulate the newly elected Deputy Chairman Shriman Harivansh Ji on behalf of the entire
The facility has the largest underground storage compartment in the country.
Yoga brings peace in this modern fast paced life by combining the body, mind, spirit and soul.
It is India's youth that is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights, the Prime Minister said.
It is a good chance for the sports lovers to witness closely contested matches.
The Prime Minister will address the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on subjects such as women entrepreneurship, and women empowerment.
They are aiming at transforming the country and making a New India.
Will also address a public meeting.
They spoke of their respective efforts to contribute to regional and global economic development.
The Government and the opposition are both putting forward their views.
In our country there is an innate respect for the military and the security forces.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination on many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, is very strong
The quest for solace from the stresses of modern life often drives people to tobacco, alcohol, or even drugs.
He said that over the last three to three and a half years, the Union Government has worked towards fulfilling this vision of social democracy
Towards this end, real-time monitoring towards progress of nutrition outcomes was discussed, especially in the worst performing dist
I pray for the speedy recovery of those injured in Mandi district, Himachal Pradesh.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has filled every Indian's heart with pride by clinching the Denmark Open title with
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people - friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and Centre.
His futuristic policies across various sectors touched the lives of every citizen of India.
PM will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
We have increased interaction at all levels.
He is likely to unveil a plaque to mark the launch of some visitor facilities. 
The nation is always ready to move in the right direction.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today.
Atalji was a true patriot.
May Yoga be of benefit to all.
The Sides noted with satisfaction the longstanding cooperation of Indian and Russian scientists in the Antarctic.
50 health and wellness centers in Arunachal Pradesh will be inaugurated by PM.
At a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach, and a Humsafar Rake.
He said this Conference is helping top police officers get a more holistic view of problems and challenges.
I am hopeful that this new course will further consolidate the financial skills of new aspirants joining this profession.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
I have asked all concerned officers in the Government to focus their attention on this task.
For this, we are strengthening the entire ecosystem of our administrative arrangements.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that through the India Post Payments Bank, banking services will conveniently reach the most
Speaking about the vision of holistic transformation of health sector, the Prime Minister said that the approach of the Government is No
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of the Foundation Stone of the Rail Coach
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural cooperation between Kyoto city of Japan and Varanasi. 
14. Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
He said that it is also a responsibility to be careful and conserve as much water as possible.
The growing convergence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the capacity to stimulate the global economy.
26th January, our Republic Day was celebrated with joy and enthusiasm in every corner of the nation by all of us
It can be terminated by either Party after giving six months' prior notice in writing to the other Party.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
He urged people to use the Bhim App and embrace cashless transactions.
The Prime Minister complimented the State Government for the efforts made in meeting the challenges of the unprecedented situation.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary.
If the world has to grow as a whole, there has to be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
We are happy to have this opportunity to deepen our engagement with the bank and its members.
In a way, this period is full of many significant events for the nation.
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
26 islands have been listed for holistic development.
The Prime Minister appealed to citizens to help and enroll in PM-SYM, those working in the unorganized sector,
We agreed that there is an urgent need for all countries to act decisively against those states that generate, support, shelter and
The Prime Minister said that India - Bangladesh relations have been on an upward trajectory in the last few years.
He said the Kashi Vishwanath Temple has survived the vicissitudes of centuries.
My young friends, you know very well that I regularly do my 'Mann Ki Baat'.
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions.
This is in addition to Rs. 100 Cr. announced by the Home Minister on 12.08.2018. 
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding
Reading can help broaden one's thinking.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
He then witnessed an audio-visual presentation of experience sharing by select beneficiaries of schemes of the Government of India and Government
The PM added, "The Government is constantly working to create a conducive environment for business in the country.
Insurance coverage up to 5 lakh rupees per family, per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalization will be
Applauding the efforts of NRIs, particularly the Saurashtra Patel community, the Prime Minister said that NRIs have always
He said Adi Shankara had united India, through the Vedas and Upanishads.
First one is that the size of the cabinet in states was restricted to 15% of the total seats in the state Assembly.
Everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards water conservation?
We are both democratic countries full of diversity.
The choices we make today will define our collective future.
The arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended. 
The Prime Minister will inaugurate air services between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahab.
Now, about three thousand small and medium merchants have this privilege through the new Special Notified Zone.
Their goal is to reach 300 million underprivileged people by 2022.
If we do not manage this growth, in terms of both planning and execution, the risk of economic and human losses from disas
In the next few weeks various education boards across the country will initiate the process for the board examinations of the tenth and tw
The Prime Minister called for faster progress in electronic toll collection.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today informally met all the Secretaries  the topmost officers of Minist
Both countries signed 12 agreements.
He said that people should take the lead in learning about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions. 
Our constant efforts have improved India's ranking in Ease of Doing Business.
She rode for 159 days, covering around 300 kilometers every day.
Sister Nivedita and Scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful testimony to this.
Some people have really benefited very well from the MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management
The Prime Minister later flagged off the Run For Unity from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium. 
In the spirit of regional cooperation, India will soon launch the South Asia Satellite.
The whole nation stands with the people of the Northeast during this time.
Accumulation of any form of waste or dirt within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
Our resolve is to build such an India, free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
The two leaders also shared views on their respective foreign policy visions of achieving global prosperity and security.
Germany ranks 7th among foreign investor countries in India.
We have to take everyone and every section of society along to take the country forward.
The approval seeks to ensure that the doctors belonging to the Central Health Service (CHS) and of other Ministries / Departments
In particular, he called for innovative approaches in areas such as skill development and tourism.
This is an example where the daughters are stitching ordinary to good quality clothes for themselves and other families.
Fourth, invest in risk mapping globally.
We are enacting a Goods and Services Tax law, to create an integrated national market.
The world looks to India, and to Yoga, for a durable, and sustainable answer to these problems.
On 15th August, 2017, they unfurled the tricolour at Khardungla, in Ladakh. 
The two leaders agreed to push forward bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner by taking advantage of complementarities between their
As part of this network, different universities could specialize in multi-disciplinary research on disaster issues most relevant to them.
Not only me, but all of India and all of South Africa is eager to listen to the thoughts of the Hon'ble President.
From the time of the Upanishads persons with knowledge have been respected through the ages.
My dear countrymen, the coming months are very crucial for our farming brothers and sisters.
The Centre assures all support to Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation.
I express my gratitude to the administration, government and especially the people of these five states for achieving this objective.
The world today is also threatened by the twin challenges of terrorism and climate change.
There is also a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
They need to be assured that the rules of the game will not change overnight, in an arbitrary fashion.
Under this scheme, over 10 crore families will be provided health insurance worth Rs. 5 lakh each, every year.
From the activities launched today, you can see the depth of the relationship between the two countries.
Both these places attract a large number of pilgrims every year.
Somnath has over 2 million followers on social media. 
Progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
She has vowed to send her only son to join the CRPF.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis is being given to enhance both infrastructure and emotional connectivity in the entire North Eastern region, at
The external sector remains robust.
Regardless of the fact that India could not win the title, the young players of India won the hearts of everyone.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
The Prime Minister said he feels very happy when he sees citizens post pictures of Varanasi Cantt Station online.
The foundation of good knowledge should be followed by a super-structure of a better society.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
Talking of technology, he appealed for assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature technology applications are relevant to commercial exploitation of
Swachh Bharat Mission, therefore, now includes the Project Swachh Iconic Places to address this
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took on the reins of weaving a unified India.
For example, if a local fire service visits one school in its area every week, it would sensitize thousands of children over a
The MoUs provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
On similar lines, on the 25th of December, I learned of the loss of SulagittiNarsamma in Karnataka.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar!
The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today is above and beyond the assistance of Rs. 280 crore to Tamil Nadu, and Rs
His pure thoughts and ideals have a profound impact on society.
Captain Mithali Raj has been leading from the front.
Lower labour costs, large domestic market and macroeconomic stability combine to make India a very attractive investment destination.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the affection he receives in Kutch is unparalleled.
You may be aware that when we had successfully created a place for the Mars Mission in orbit, this entire mission was planned for a dur
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
For these purposes the Sides maintain cooperation between the National Rail and Transportation Institute (Vadodara) of the Republic of India and the
My dear countrymen, connecting with all of you, courtesy of the Mann KiBaat program has been a really wonderful
The Prime Minister asserted that more people are paying taxes because they have faith that their money is being used properly and for the welf
India has no shortage of brilliant lawyers and judges.
Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti. 
He made it clear that the Government will be adding more seats in the educational institutions to ensure that the other category students will not
A heritage that connects our societies across generations and through centuries.
The Prime Minister called for speeding up of work related to redevelopment of Railway Stations, and greater creativity in the generation
On this historic occasion the most important role is that of the Chartered Accountants.
He said the Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) will play a key role in this regard.
Our parents, even today, insist on focusing on studies and academics.
The Prime Minister urged them to remain focused and work harder to achieve their goal of reaching the podium in the coming Olympics.
The Prime Minister said that the Chief Ministers of States had played a key role in policy formulation, through sub-groups and
The work of building IIT, IIM and AIIMS is going on rapidly.
On this environment day, let us all give it a good thought as to what we can do to make our planet cleaner and greener
Today, a day after Diwali, Gujaratis marks the beginning of a New Year.
Inclusion of Mishmi-Kaman (Miju Mishmi), Idu (Mishmi) and Taraon
The same goes for improvements in cyclone early warning.
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources
He was an inspiration to Karyakartas like me.
All of these point to the new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
The Prime Minister pressed a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue.
On our part, we would, of course, want greater inflow of Japanese investments.
Training is given for employment as well as self-employment to meet the aspirations of youth for a better life.
On 29 May, I will be in Jakarta at the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
We live in an era where diamonds are used in spectacles, watches and pens.
All with all development can be the guiding light for action and cooperation in South Asia.
Portuguese passion for football runs deep.
I hope the industry is in constant contact with them.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a function organized by the Press Council of India on the occasion of National
Arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended. 
Together we will build such an India which will be clean and healthy, and where the dream of Su-Raj will be fulfilled.
He said that he is happy that in the last few years, there has been steady progress towards this goal.
Sardar Patel devoted his life towards unifying India.
He said there is immense potential for tourism in Varanasi, and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
Chartered accountants can start a new career in this field by becoming insolvency practitioners.
They leave a deep impression on my heart.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of DGPs and IGPs on 7th and 8th January at the
On this occasion I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the officers and javan of the Coast Guard for their service to the
He unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of Swadesh Darshan Scheme.
Best wishes and blessings to Hanaya.
I am happy to be a part of this August gathering of global leaders and decision makers of the food processing sector.
Capital Expenditure in Infrastructure related projects has gone up by 48% over the previous year.
We are also committed to ensuring, that we do so, in a way that is sustainable and green. 
He said the areas of the country that are near the sea, can become centers of our blue revolution.
My many congratulations and best wishes to you.
